Pachydactylia is often seen in neurofibromatosis.
Pachyderma is a sign of skin disease.
Pachyderma is condition of Pachydermoperiostosis;
Pachyderma refers abnormally thick skin.
Pachydermatous represents the insensitive skin.
Pachydermic Cachexia is not the same as starvation, but caused to to certain severe conditions.
Pachyemic is also known as pachyemous.
Pachygastrous represents the abdomen which is larger in size.
Pachyglossia refers to unusual thickening of tongue due to certain conditions.
Pachyhemia is also known as pachyemia.
Pachymeningitis refers to inflammation occur in dura mater.
Pachymeningitis externa is also known as Epidural meningitis or External meningitis.
Pachymeningitis interna is also known as Internal meningitis.
Pachymeningopathy refers to abnormal effects related to dura mater.
Pachymeninx represents tough and fibrous membrane.
Pachymeter is also known as Pachometer.
Pachyonychia congenita is also known as Jadassohn - Lewandowski Syndrome.
Pachyonychia congenita is a rare form of hereditary palmoplantar keratoderma.
Pachyotous represents the thickness on the sides or corners of anything.
Pachypodous refers to have large and thick feet due to certain abnormal condition.
The third stage i. e pachytene is being clearly depicted in the diagram.
Pachytic refers to a condensing stage.
Pacing is an easy method of measuring distance.
Pack refers to the number of similar things bound together.
In computer science, Pack is used to store data in compressed form in such a way that the data can be restored to its original form.
During the festival season the dealer was giving an attractive package offer to the customer.
Package is a application program or associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and stored in read / write memory.
Package is a application program or associated documentation pertaining to the operation of a computer system and stored in read / write memory.
These are the package benefits of this policy.
Package clearance for the proposal will save a lot of time.
Package credit is generally liquidated / adjusted against the sale proceeds of the goods exported.
The company offer a package deal to the customer.
The company offer a package deal to the customer.
A collaboration agreement for producing package material for milk products with Amul has been signed.
Package of measures has been initiated to tackle the drought situation.
Package of notes is now counted with the help of machine in our bank.
The travel agency advertised an attractive package programme for foreign tour.
The benefits of the policy were mentioned in the package proposal.
Elephant is a pack animal.
Packed array is the way data is arranged and accessed in computer memory.
Packed Cell Volume can be determined by the Microhematocrit method.
Packed format is a dense unformatted file structure designed to minimize disk space usage.
The packer was making a list of the transferable goods.
The cashier counted the packet of notes and kept it in the locker.
In information technology, Packet is the unit of data that is routed between an origin and a destination on the Internet or any other packet - switched network.
Packet assembler / diassembler is a hardware or software device for splitting a data stream into discrete packets for transmission over some medium and then reforming the stream at the receiver.
Packet assembly method proposed to decrease the number of packets for the reduction of processor load, based on the maximum transferable unit in network.
Packet diassembly is a device used to disassemble packets enabling simple devices to connect to a packet switched network.
Packet format is the exact order and size of the various control and information fields of a packet, including header, address and data fields.
Packet InterNet Groper is a basic Internet program that allows a user to test or verify that a particular IP address exists and can accept requests.
Packet layer protocol manages the packet exchanges between DTE (data terminal) devices across VCs (virtual circuits) and taking responsibility for error - free delivery of the packets to their destination.
Packet mode terminal controls, format, transmit and receive the packets.
Packet radio is a form of digital data transmission used in amateur radio to construct wireless computer networks.
Packet switched data service is a method of data transmission in which small blocks of data are transmitted rapidly.
Packet switched network is a network in which a physical communication path exists between two end - systems with no other devices involved.
Packet switched service is a method of data transmission in which small blocks of data are transmitted rapidly.
Packet switching is a method of data transmission in which small blocks of data are transmitted rapidly.
The packing charges would be taken according to the size of the good.
Packing is a sealing device where any substance or material used to make watertight or gastight joints.
In the factory after production a separate department does the packing and marking work.
Packing density is the number of bits or tracks per inch of recording surface.
Packing factor is a dimensionless ratio that describes the amount of volume that a substance takes up in a particular volume.
Packing fraction is a mass defect per nuclear particle.
A packing list of all the packed items is prepared to be despatched.
The production cost and other expenses should considered while deciding the pack valuation.
The pact of the peace was signed by both the parties.
To prevent delicate and expensive good from damage during transportation, they are covered with a pad.
Pad can be like an encapsulated body of fat.
Pad is underpart of the toes and feet of many animals.
Pad is a hardware or software device for splitting a data stream into discrete packets for transmission over some medium and then reforming the stream at the receiver.
Pad character is a character used to fill up remaining available character spaces in a field.
Padding is done at the end of the structure to fill unused portions of a field, such as blanks or zeros.
Pad of fat present in the abdominal wall.
Paederasty refers to an abnormal sexual activity.
Paeditrician gives treatment to the children.
Pediatrician refers to a physician who is specialist in the care of babies.
Paediatrics deals with the care of infants and children and the treatment of their diseases.
Paediatrics is also known as pediatrics.
Paedogenesis is rarely seen in the species of insects.
Paedology refers to the study of the physical and mental development of children.
A page is usually a smallest unit of data.
Page addressing is the address of a resource or page on the Internet.
In printing, page break means a code that marks the end of a page.
In printing, page breakage means a code that marks the end of a page.
Page cannibalizing means to remove or replacement the page from site.
Page control is a tool, responsible for managing the transfer and mapping of pages in and out of memory.
Page daemon is a computer program that runs in the background of multitasking operating system.
A page data set is a collection of data of a specific page, usually presented in tabular form.
Page depth is the number of pages on a site that visitors view during a single session.
Page depth is the number of pages on a site that visitors view during a single session.
Page description language is a language that describes the appearance of a printed page.
A page directory is the directory where names of pages are contained and through this we can find the address of a page on internet.
Page display is the current orientation for viewing a multi - dimensional slice.
Paged machine allows us to convert any text article or data into a search engine web page in seconds.
Paged memory means transfer of pages of data between a computer 's main memory and an auxiliary memory.
A Paged Memory Management Unit solves the problem of fragmentation of memory.
A Paged Memory Management Unit solves the problem of fragmentation of memory.
In Paged segmentation each segment is paged and checking is done at segment level.
In Paged segmentation each segment is paged and checking is done at segment level.
If the required page on disk cannot be found, then a page fault error occurs, which means that either the operating system or an application has corrupted the virtual memory.
Page fault frequency algorithm is a method for varying the amount of physical memory available to a process.
Page fault frequency algorithm is a method for varying the amount of physical memory available to a process.
Page fixing converted data from floating - point notation to fixed - point notation in a page.
Page footing is the lower part of a page or usually placed at the bottom of the viewable area of the page on computer.
Page footing is the lower part of a page or usually placed at the bottom of the viewable area of the page on computer.
Page frame is a block of main memory that can store a virtual page.
Page heading is the page identifier that is usually placed at the top of the viewable area of the page on computer and contained title, subtitle or topic.
Page in, is one of the way through which the operating system can store and retrieve data from secondary storage for use in main memory.
In computing, Page interrupt is the signal of temporary suspension of a process.
Page interrupt condition is a signal initiated by an I / O device and causes the central processing unit (CPU) to stop what it 's doing and jump to the appropriate interrupt service routine and complete it.
when we create a table without the LOCK MODE clause and database server locks the entire page by default through page lock then page key is used to open the page lock.
when we create a table without the LOCK MODE clause then database server locks the entire page by default that contains the row through page lock.
when we create a table without the LOCK MODE clause then database server locks the entire page by default that contains the row through Page locking.
The business of page making is flourishing.
In page map table hybrid entire tables are integrated into the proposed map block, stored in a part of flash storage and can recover any lost data.
Page out, is one of the way through which the operating system can store and retrieve data from main memory for use in secondary storage.
The page pool is used to manage the pages of the I / O buffer cache.
Page printer is a printer that processes an entire page at one time.
Page printer is a printer that processes an entire page at one time.
The pager is not much useful.
In character recognition, Page reader capable of processing cut - form documents of varying sizes.
Page removal finds some pages in memory which are not in use and remove it out.
In a computer operating system, Page removal algorithm, decide which memory pages should swap out when a page of memory needs to be allocated.
In a computer operating system, Page removal algorithm, decide which memory pages should swap out when a page of memory needs to be allocated.
page replacemant finds some pages in memory which are not in use and swap it out.
In a computer operating system, Page replacement algorithm, decide which memory pages to page out when a page of memory needs to be allocated.
Page sealing is used for close the page securely.
Page size ensures the optimal browsing. pages in a system had uniform size but through processor it can be increased.
Page size anomaly is a discrepancy or deviation from the common page size, page type and page arrangement.
Page swap means to replace pages or segments of data in memory.
Page swapping means to replace pages or segments of data in memory.
A page table is used to store the mapping between virtual addresses and physical addresses.
Page trace, tracks and presents the execution details about a Web page request.
Page turning is a process of moving entire pages of information between main memory and auxiliary storage.
Page turning is a process of moving entire pages of information between main memory and auxiliary storage.
The pagination of this book is not yet complete.
Paging, is one of the way through which the operating system can store and retrieve data from secondary storage for use in main memory.
Paging, is one of the way through which the operating system can store and retrieve data from secondary storage for use in main memory.
Paging algorithm is an algorithm which changes the locality of pages and large numbers of pages are accumulated in memory.
Paging algorithm is an algorithm which changes the locality of pages and large numbers of pages are accumulated in memory.
Paging daemon is a system to manage and handle the pages in memory pool.
A paging device is a bluetooth enabled device that is carrying out the page procedure.
In a paging virtual management system paging drum is a form of swapping device used to hold the images of pages.
Paging technique is a technique used in Database Security Paging guidelines which is designed to give flexibility to the methodology.
Paging terminal system designed to alert an individual or group of individuals and deliver a short message.
Pahgedenic Chancroid generally refer to children.
The customer paid the bill amount of Rs. 3000 to the cashier.
Paid bills may be filed in a separate bill.
Paid by transfer is a valid payment for all purposes.
Paid charges may be taken to Profit and Loss account.
The company paid the dealer by paid check.
Paid defective notes are destroyed by a department in RBI after examination.
A receipt may be obtained for the amount paid in advance.
The monthly instalments of the loan are paid in cash by the borrower.
The amount for making small purchases is generally paid in specie.
The paid instrument (cheque etc.) is returned by the drawee bank.
Acknowledgement for the paid in (subscription) has been received.
A refund for the paid in surplus has to be obtained.
A list of paid service available and charges therefore are displayed on the notice board.
Duration of casual leave is treated as paid service.
In the financial year 2006 - 07 the company 's paid up capital was Rs. 10 crores.
Paid up capital can be equal to the authorised capital or may be less than this.
Paid up value of shares may be a percentage of nominal value of shares.
The amount of draft can be paid without advice over counter if the bank is satisfied.
There is pain in abomen, joint pain.
Pain represents a type of algia.
Painful micturation is sign of urinary tract diseases.
Pain hunger is due to lack of food in the stomach.
Painless refers to any condition that appears without any pain.
Pain receptor is also known as nociceptor.
Pains glans is sign of penis diseases.
The painter made a beautiful painting of the Tajmahal.
Painter 's Colic represents the lead colic.
There is pair of gene.
There is pair of kidney in the body
Paired cable in which the single conductors are twisted together in groups of two.
Paired Organs comprises of kidney, eyes etc.
He is currently employed in the palaeontology department.
Palaeontology is necessary for the study of ealier life.
Different geological changes took place in the palaeozoic era.
Food should be palatable.
Palatable refers to the food which is pleasing to the taste.
Palatal arch can be used for the treatment of unilateral functional cross - bite in the primary dentition.
There is bony palate and soft palate.
The uvula is the hanging palate.
Palate - bone helps to form the roof of the mouth.
Palatiform refers to anything that resemble the palate.
Palatine refers to aything that is related to palate.
Palatine Arches represents the the two arches of mucous membrane enclosing the muscles.
The palatine bone consists of a Horizontal plate of palatine bone.
Palatine Membrane helps in protection of palatine as a whole.
The median palatine suture runs from the front of the palate to the back of the mouth.
Palatitis refers to an inflammation of the hard palate.
The palatoglossal arch is also known as glossopalatine arch or anterior pillar of fauces.
Paleognathous refers the type of birds that were formerly classified as the superorder Palaeognathae.
Palatograph is also known as palate myograph.
Palatopharyngeal muscle is one of the intrinsic muscles of the larynx.
Palatoplasty is usually performed on infants.
Palatoplegia is also known as staphyloplegia.
Palatoplegic refers to the paralysis effects in the soft palate.
Palatorrhaphy is also known as staphylorrhaphy or uraniscorrhaphy.
Palatoschisis is also known as cleft palate.
Pale refers to colorless or whitish complexion.
A lot of information is received form the paleoentomology department.
Palilalia is disordered speech that can give rise to Tourette syndrome or autism.
Palindromia refers to relapse of a disease.
Palindromic condition can cause severe effects by many different means.
Attacks of palindromic rheumatism usually involve one to three joints.
Palingenesis is also known as metempsychosis.
Palisade tissue is very thick as copmpared to the other specimen.
Palliate refers to something which is extenuate.
Palliation represents the state of mitigation.
There is one of the palliative treatment.
Palliative care concentrates on reducing the severity of disease symptoms.
Palliative treatment does not include painkillers and anti - sickness drugs.
Pallid refers to lack in luminousness.
Pallidectomy represents the excision related to the globus pallidus.
Pallidness occur due to bruising, sickness or emotional distress.
Globus pallidus is a pale - appearing spherical area in the brain.
Pallium represents the grey matter.
Pallor is one of the sign of anemia.
Pallor refers to unnatural paleness due to any extreme conditions.
Pallor virginum is also known as chlorosis.
Palm is present between the bases of the fingers and the wrist.
The coconut tree is a palm tree with leaves on top.
Palma Christi is also known as castor - oil plant.
Palmar erythema sometimes occurs with rheumatoid arthritis.
Superficial palmar arch is also known as superficial volar arch.
Palmar fibromatosis results in Dupuytren 's contracture.
The palmaris longus is present between the flexor carpi radialis and the flexor carpi ulnaris.
Palmate leaf resemble an open hand.
The leaves in this type of plant species are palmate.
A photo of a palmatifid leaf is being shown to students.
palmatipartite is a term which defines the plant leaf shape.
Palmatisect leaves which are required for the assignment.
Palmature represents the Abnormalcy.
Palmistry is also known as chiromancy.
Palmus represents the state of palpitation.
Palmus represents the palm.
Palmus is the clonic spasm of limb muscles.
The palp can be seen in an adult butterfly.
liver is palpable due to enlargement.
A palpable tumor is one that can easily handled and recognizable.
Palpate represents the examination by diagnosing disease or illness.
Palpation of chest, abdomen is done by doctor
Palpation include the act of examining something closely.
Palpatory percussion can also be known as ballottement.
Palpebral fissure is reduced in horizontal size by fetal alcohol syndrome.
Palpebral fissure refers the longitudinal opening between the eyelids.
Palpebration represents the repeated winking.
There is superior and inferior palpebrum.
There is palpebrum tertia on the conjunctiva.
One of the species of palpifer is found in mexico.
The process of chewing in insects is done through a palpiger.
Palpitant refers to trembling.
Palpitation is sign of heart disease
Palpitations can be felt in chest, throat or neck.
Palpitatio cordis is also known as Kardiopalmus.
There is cerebral palsy
There is bell 's palsy
Cerebral palsy cause physical disability in human development.
The pamphlet of the annual dance festival has been circulated.
Pampiniform plexus is a venous plexus which is also known as pampiniform venous plexus.
Pan - refers to the make compound words which include the meaning for everyone.
Some medicines are panacea
A medicine panacea in nature.
Panacea is also known as elixir or nostrum.
Whole banana plantation was destroyed by the panama disease.
Panangiitis refers to the inflammation occur in all the coats of a blood vessel.
Panaritium is also known as whitlow or foot rot.
Panarteritis is disease of artery.
Panarteritis refers to the inflammation including all coats of an artery.
Panarthritis represents the inflammation that involves all the tissues of a joint.
Pancarditis is disease of heart.
Pancarditis is also known as Rheumatic Fever.
Pancolectomy represents with the creation of an ileostomy.
Pancrease secretes insulin. or pancreatic juice.
Papillary cystic and solid tumour of pancreas is also known as solid - cystic epithelial tumour.
Pancreatalgia refers to pain that arise in or around the region of the pancreas.
Pancreatectomy is done in disease of pancrease.
A pancreatectomy is the most effective treatment for cancer of the pancreas.
Pancreatic cancer is a malignant neoplasm of the pancreas.
Detection of pancreatic fluid and urine leakage is necessary after pancreas transplantation.
Pancreatic juice empties into the small intestine via a duct.
The superior pancreaticoduodenal artery supplies blood to the duodenum and pancreas.
Pancreaticosplenic ligament is the portion of the greater omentum.
Pancreatic vein refers to open into the trunk of the great pancreatic vein.
Pancreatin is made up of the pancreatic enzymes trypsin, amylase and lipase.
There is acute and chronic pancreatitis.
Acute necrotizing pancreatitis with pancreatic abscess is due to Prevotella species in a diabetic.
The noninsulinoma pancreatogenous hypoglycemia syndrome identifies unique clinical, diagnostic, surgical and pathologic features.
Endoscopic retrograde pancreatography is commonly used in the diagnosis and management of pancreatic disorders.
Uremic pancreopathy is not identical with the pancreatitis.
There is congenital pancytopenia.
Hemoglobinuria can also cause pancytopenia.
Pandanus plants are being planted in the botanical garden, it looks beautifull.
Swine flue is now pandemic
An influenza pandemic is an epidemic of an influenza virus.
Pandiculation is caused when fatigue and drowsy or after waking from sleep.
The manager was selected by the panel of experts.
A panel is used to keep instrument.
Panel is an array of instruments, gauges, etc., mounted to display the condition or performance of a machine or process.
Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis is a progressive neurological disorder.
Pang refers to a sharp attack of mental anguish due to pain.
Hysterectomy is a surgery
Panhysterectomy is also known as hysterectomy.
There was panic in the factory when the fire alarm rang.
Panic is also known as an acute case of anxiety.
Andrographis paniculata is a herbaceous plant in the family Acanthaceae.
Panis angelicus is known as Bread of Angels.
Panivorous refers to eating bread.
Venous disorders lead to a septal panniculitis.
The panniculus carnosus is a part of the subcutaneous tissues.
Panniculus adiposus refers to a layer of fat underneath the skin.
Panniculus carnosus muscle refers to a sheet of muscle which is lying beneath the skin.
Panniculus Hymeneus refers to a hymen.
Panniculus Subtillis refers to the pia mater.
Panniculus Transversus represents the diaphram.
Pannosity represents the skinn softness.
There is corneal pannus.
Pannus refers to the growth of blood vessels into the peripheral cornea.
Panochia represents an abnormal type of condensed form of tissue.
Panopthalmitis is a disease.
A disease of eye.
Fulminating panophthalmitis is due to exogenous infection with Bacillus cereus.
German Shepherds seems to be particularly predisposed to panosteitis.
Panotitis refers to inflammation of both the middle and the inner ears.
Panphobia is also known as pantophobia.
Pansinusitis results due to a fungal or a bacterial infection.
Panting refers to breathe quickly.
The clerk inserted a paper in the printer.
In the financial year 2006 - 07 the company 's paper balance was Rs. 50 lakhs.
The paper currency is issued by central bank of the country after following a procedure.
Paper gold constitutes that can be converted into gold at the office of the issue of the paper.
Paper loss is not real loss, it is only on paper when compared with the market price.
Paper money is acceptable in settlement of debt.
Paper profit is the unrealised amount of present market value of the goods and its cost price.
Mr. Desai who is working as an accountant has been received paper promotion to the post of senior accountant.
Paper rate is used for information and analysis of the market trend.
The first paper rupee in India was issued in 1861 in denomination of Rupee ten.
Paper rupee is issued by the government for meeting several purposes.
Vikas submitted the necessary papers for his passport in the passport office.
The paper seal of the gazetted officer is necessary on this document.
Paper sensing is a moveable grill for an air flow in a printer through which air can flow freely through the grill.
Paper sensor is a moveable grill for an air flow in a printer through which air can flow freely through the grill.
Paper skip is the movement of paper through a computer printer which is not for the use of printing.
Paper tape is a slow, low - capacity, sequential storage medium which holds data as patterns of punched holes.
Paper tape channels are specific types of a paper tape on which data is stored.
Paper tape channels are specific types of a paper tape on which data is stored.
In computer science, paper tape code is a system by which data are represented by means of holes punched on a paper tape.
Paper tape reader is a device to electronically read paper tapes and transmit it.
Paper tape speed is the numbers of characters per second which are operated by paper tape reader.
Paper tape system is a compatible group of software packages designed to aid development of various application programs.
Paper throw is the movement of paper through a computer printer which is not for the use of printing.
It is difficult to convert the paper title into physical one.
Paper transaction is in between two companies.
A decision is likely to be taken soon on the paper under consideration.
The paper work of new project is in progress which being started by the Education Ministry.
As the flower is papilionaceous it is widely used for the purpose of decoration.
There is vallate papillae on tongue.
Renal papilla is marked by medullary collecting ducts.
Papilla refers to an optic disc.
Papilla growth is being observed in the plant specimen.
Papilla Duodeni refers to bile papilla and Santorini 's minor caruncle.
Papillae conicae is also known as conic papillae.
Papillae filiformes is also known as filiform papillae.
Papilla lacrimalis is also known as lacrimal papilla.
Papillary thyroid cancer is also known as papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Papillary tumors are the most common of all thyroid cancers.
Papilliform refers to as mammilliform.
There is foliate papillitis on the posterior lateral tongue.
A disease of eye.
Papillitis is also known as optic neuritis.
A disease of papilla
Papillitis refers to the progressive eye disorder.
Papilloma is due to virus infection.
Human papilloma virus causes common warts of the hands and feet.
Laryngeal papillomatosis consist of tumors that grow inside the larynx
Herpesviruses is detected in papillomatous skin growths of koi carp.
Endoscopic papillotomy is also known as Endoscopic sphincterotomy.
Pappus refers to the calyx composed of scales.
Form the specimen pappus can be seen clearly using a microscope.
Paprika is also known as Bell pepper.
The Pap test is also called as Pap smear.
Papular mucinosis is also known as Scleromyxedema.
Bovine papular stomatitis is caused by a poxvirus.
Papulation refers to the development of papules.
Papule is also known as achrocordon, acne, angioma etc.
Papule is sign of skin disease.
Papulopustular rosacea is also known as Inflammatory rosacea.
Papulosis represents the presence of multiple papules.
Fetus papyraceous is fetus which is died in utero.
Papyraceous Foetus results in spontaneous abortion, stillbirth or complete resorption in early pregnancy.
The shares of Aditya Ispat company are selling at par.
Par refers to a pair of two.
Par refers to an accepted standard
The parathyroid glands are called para - thyroid.
There is a good network of para banking institutions in the country.
Parablepsia refers to visual hallucinations.
Parabolic dish is a reflective device used to collect or project energy such as light, sound or radio waves.
Parabolic mirror is a reflective device used to collect or project energy such as light, sound or radio waves.
Parabolic reflector is a reflective device used to collect or project energy such as light, sound or radio waves.
Parabulia represents the perversion of the will.
Paracentesis is done for diagnosis.
Paracentesis is done to diagnose an infection in the peritoneal fluid.
Paracentesis Abdominis is done in ascites.
Paracentesis Pleural is done in pleural effusion.
Paracentetic fludis examination is done for Malignancy.
Paracentral lobule is the more medial part of the superior frontal gyrus.
Anterior paracentral gyrus refers to the anterior portion of the paracentral lobule.
Paracolitis represents the inflammation of the outer coat of the colon.
Paracusis of Willis is the ability to hear better in noise.
Paracystitis refers to an inflammation of the connective tissues which are present around the urinary bladder.
Paradidymis is also known as parepididymis.
This is a paradigm of the conjugation of verbs.
The speech of the company 's director was a self paradox.
Paradoxia refers to a statement contrary to received opinion.
Paradoxic decrease in ischemic mitral regurgitation is related with apillary muscle dysfunction.
There is parodoxical pulse, respiration.
In paradoxical embolism, the lungs act as a filter to prevent the clots from entering the arterial circulation.
Paradoxical reflex is also known as inverted reflex.
The theory of paradox of value was first propagated by Adam Smith.
A paradox Therapeutic used in the diagnosis of disease.
Pararectal fossa is also known as fossa pararectalis or pararectal pouch.
Paraesthesia is also known as paresthesia.
Paraffin wax is obtained from petroleum by dewaxing light lubricating oil stocks.
Paraganglioma develop a rich blood supply from surrounding blood vessels.
Paraganglion is also known as chromaffin body.
Paraglossa refers to the paired and rarely unpaired lobes on the anterior margin of the labium.
In the insect paraglossa is said to be absent.
In word processing and desktop publishing, a paragraph is a collection of words and sentences that contains an end - of - line character at the end of it.
In word processing and desktop publishing, a paragraph is a collection of words and sentences that contains an end - of - line character at the end of it.
Paragraph assembly is a method of 'Document assembly' by which an operator creates an entire document from a variety of component parts and then personalizes that document to meet the needs of the intended recipient.
Paragraph header indicates the beginning of a paragraph.
The paragraphing of this text should be very clear.
Paragraph name indicates the beginning of a paragraph.
Paralalia refers to a speech defect.
Paralexia refers to misapprehension in the reading of written or printed words.
Parallax affects the optical instruments such as binoculars and microscopes.
In the commercial field, this organization shows parallel work.
Parallel access means transfer of information to or from a storage device in which all elements in a unit of information are transferred simultaneously.
Parallel adder is a specific system of adding single - digit binary numbers and carries in the digital systems.
Parallel addition is the addition by a computer in which all the corresponding pairs of digits of the addends are processed at the same time during one cycle.
Parallel algorithm is an algorithm in which several computations are carried on simultaneously.
Parallel algorithm is an algorithm in which several computations are carried on simultaneously.
Parallel arithmetic means operation upon more than one bit or digit of a number at the same time.
Parallel arithmetic means operation upon more than one bit or digit of a number at the same time.
Parallel arithmetic means operation upon more than one bit or digit of a number at the same time.
Parallel binary adder is a logic element which operates on two binary digits at one time.
Parallel bit test circuit is provided to test a semiconductor memory device which comprises a number of memory cell arrays.
In telecommunications, Parallel bit transmission is the simultaneous transmission of the signal elements of a character or other entity of data.
Parallel by character means the handling of all the characters of a machine word simultaneously in separate lines, channels, or storage cells.
Usually register of parallel columns is used in shops for maintaining accounts.
Parallel communication is a method of sending several data signals simultaneously over several parallel channels.
Parallel computer is a computer that can perform multiple processes and carry out more than one logic or arithmetic operation at one time.
Parallel computer is a computer that can perform multiple processes and carry out more than one logic or arithmetic operation at one time.
Parallel computing means writing programs which are capable of being executed on many processors simultaneously.
Parallel data controller is a device that controls the transfer of data from a computer to a peripheral device and from a peripheral device to a computer simultaneously.
Parallel data medium is the medium in which data is transferred from a computer to a peripheral device and from a peripheral device to a computer simultaneously.
In parallel Input Output data are transmitted into and out of a computer over several conductors simultaneously.
In parallel input / output data are transmitted into and out of a computer over several conductors simultaneously.
Parallel in serial out is the configuration of shift register which allows conversion from parallel to serial format.
Parallel interface is an interface that can handle a group of bits transmitted at the same time, by sending each bit over a separate wire.
Repayments in parallel loan are independent and not supplementary to each other.
Parallel operation is the simultaneous execution of two or more operations or power supplies to obtain a higher output current.
Parallel operation is the simultaneous execution of two or more operations or power supplies to obtain a higher output current.
Parallel port is an interface found on computers where computer transmit data to another device using parallel data transmission in which several bits sent simultaneously over separate wires.
Parallel processing is a computing architecture within a single computer that performs more than one operation at the same time.
Parallel processing is a computing architecture within a single computer that performs more than one operation at the same time.
Parallel processing computer is a form of computation in which many calculations or many operations are carried out simultaneously.
Parallel programming means writing programs which are capable of being executed on many processors simultaneously.
Parallel programming means writing programs which are capable of being executed on many processors simultaneously.
Parallel rate of exchange is an unofficial rate.
Parallel rewritting system defines elementary objects that allow simultaneous rewriting of a sentential form.
Parallel running is a computing architecture within a single computer that performs more than one operation at the same time.
Parallel search storage is a device for very rapid search of a volume of stored data to permit finding a specific item.
The two structures are said to be exhibiting parallelsim.
Parallel storage is a storage device in which words, characters or digits can be read in or out simultaneously.
Parallel - to - serial converter is a converter where parallel transmission converted to serial transmission and each bit transmits one by one at a time.
Parallel transfer is a simultaneous transfer of all bits from one storage location to another.
Parallel transmission is a transmission of more than one bit at a time over parallel channels.
The leaves of this plant species have a parallel venation.
Worms belonging to paralongidorus are being traced in the cultivated soil.
Paralysed represents the state of disambiguation.
A flaccid paralysis
A facial paralysis
Paralysis can be complete or partial.
Paralysis Agitans is also known as Parkinson 's Disease.
Paralysis Illeus is classified into postoperative, inflammatory, metabolic, neurogenic, and drug - induced.
A paralytic patient.
Paralytic shellfish poisoning is implicated as a cause of sea otter mortality.
Temporary intestinal paralysis.
The organization was paralyzed by the legal restrictions.
Paramastitis is also known as submammary mastitis.
The paramedical courses are also started in this medical institution.
Paramedical include auxiliary medical personnel.
Paramedical personnel include emergency medical technician, audiologist etc.
Paramenia represents heavy menstrual period.
Paramera is not to be seen in the disected insect.
In electromagnetic theory, Parameter is a rating for a line or medium through which a plane wave of a given frequency is being transmitted.
Parametric phase - locked oscillator used as a digital computer element in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
Parametritis is also known as pelvic cellulitis.
Parametrium refers to the connective tissue of the pelvic floor.
Parametron used as a digital computer element, in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
Paramilitary forces are engaged in relief work in the flood affected areas.
Reduplicative paramnesia is one of the delusional misidentification syndromes.
This is paramount important for company to complete the project.
Paramyoclonus Multiplex is also known as Myoclonia.
Paramyotonia Congenita is also known as Paramyotonia congenita of von Eulenburg.
Paramyotonia congenita is also called as paradoxical myotonia.
Paranasal sinuses form developmentally through excavation of bone by air - filled sacs.
A paranasal sinuses.
he main symptom Paranoia is permanent delusion.
Paranoid refers to that which has characteristics of paranoia.
The legs of the insect were torn from the paranotum.
Paraesophageal Hiatal Hernia occurs when an organ slips through the muscle wall.
The para of this text should be read in the classroom.
Spastic paraparesis is a rare disorder where the parts of the body develop weakness.
Paraparetic refers to a person with the paraparesis.
Paraphasia is also known as paragrammatism.
A disease of penis.
Paraphimosis is also known as capistration.
Paraphonia refers to any disorder related to voice.
The mosses with paraphysis are being used for the purpose of experimentation.
Paraplegia is caused by damage to the spinal cord.
Paraplexia is also known as paraplegia.
Parapraxia is also known as Freudian slip.
Pararectal fossa varies in size with the distension of the rectum.
Bilateral Pararenal calcifications is caused from Pancreatitis.
Parasitaemia is also known as parasitemia.
The research work on parasite of Dengue fever is going on.
A malarial parasite.
The parasite identified is known to spread across the host in a very short span of time.
Parasitemia is due to malarial parasite.
A parasite cannot live independently.
Parasitic twin is also known as an asymmetrical twin.
Hhydatid cyst is a parasitic cyst.
Parasitic Growths damage the area in contact, depending upon its capability.
A parasiticide medicine.
Parasiticide refers to the destructives to the parasites.
There is parasitism in the intestine by intestinal bacteria.
Parasites may also be characterized as ectoparasites.
Parasitism is mostly seen in plants which are not under proper management.
The reaction of the gene to parasitization was studied by the scientists.
The creeper identified acts as a parasitoid to most of the healthy plants.
Parasitologists use many approaches to combat parasites.
The branch of biology and of medicine.
Medical parasitology is the study of those parasites which infect humans.
Parasitology is important in increasing the plant and agricultural yield.
Delusional parasitosis is also known as delusions of parasitosis.
The parasternal lymph nodes is also known as sternal glands.
Parasternal line is also known as linea parasternalis or costoclavicular line.
A parasymphathatic nervous system in the body.
Parasympathetic nervous system is related to slow the heart rate, increase the intestinal and gland activity.
Parasympathetic nerve regulates the digestive secretions, slow the heart, constrict the pupils, and dilate blood vessels.
Parasympathetic nervous system is a part of the autonomic nervous system.
Parasympathomimetic drugs are also known as cholinergic.
The parasite is seen to spend a part of its life cycle in a paratenic host.
A parathyroid gland.
A parathyroid hormone (PTH)
Parathyroid adenoma is a small tumor of the parathyroid gland.
Parathyroidectomy is done to treat hyperparathyroidism.
Peritonsillar abscess is an infection of the head and neck region.
Paratracheal lymph nodes is also known as paratracheal chains.
Newly launched chemical was used to eliminate paratrichodorus nematodes.
The medicine is being mixed with the soil type to destroy paratylenchus worms.
The paratype moths were observed to be similar to small butterflies.
Paratyphoid fever is caused by the bacterium Salmonella Paratyphi.
Paraumbilical is also known as paraomphalic.
Paraurethral gland is located in the posterior wall of the urethra in women.
Paravaginitis refers to the inflammation of the tissues near the vagina.
Paravertebral ganglia is also known as Ganglia of sympathetic trunk.
Paravesical fossa is also known as paracystic pouch or paravesical pouch.
Paraxial mesoderm gives rise to the somitomeres.
Parboiled riceis easier to process by hand, improves its nutritional profile, and changes its texture.
The company despatched goods to the customer by parcel.
The employee requested the manager to pardon him for the mistake.
The employee requested the manager to pardon him for the mistake.
The parenchyma of the testis consists of seminiferous tubules.
The stem part of the plant is composed of parenchyma.
Diffuse parenchymal lung disease represents a large and heterogeneous group of disorders.
Parenchymatitis refers to the inflammation of a parenchyma.
Parenchymatous goitre is also known as follicular goiter.
You have to write your parents' name in the admission form.
The cells of the parent plant were compared with its sibblings.
In computing parent means the ancestor node in a tree that points to the current node.
In computing parent means the ancestor node in a tree that points to the current node.
In computing parent means the ancestor node in a tree that points to the current node.
Parentage is one of the most beautiful experience.
He is living in parental house.
Parent bank issues guidelines to the other bank which may be known as a subsidiary bank.
In case of any confusion the parent bill has to be referred.
It is the parent colony of male as well as female bees.
The other company is known as subsidiary company of the parent company.
Parent Directory is a disk directory that is one level up from the current directory.
A parenteral route of drug administration. i. e. intravenous injection.
Parenteral refers to the entrance inside the body not by the alimentary tract.
Parenthesis - free notation is a form of notation for logic, arithmetic, and algebra.
A tree data structure in which each node has at most two successors. This node is known as parent in a tree.
The parent office of the international company is located in New York.
Children should respect their parents.
A paresis due to embolism in the brain.
General paresis represents the impairment of mental function
paretic refwers to the: slight paralysis.
paretic related to general paresis.
Pareunia is also known as coitus.
Utkarsh got quick promotion because his work was par excellence.
The acting skill of this actor is par excellence.
Paries refers to a lining that encloses a structure.
Parietal is related to the wall of a body part.
The parietal bones are two of the largest bones of the skull.
Parietal fistula is also known as thoracic fistula.
Enlarged parietal foramina is located close to the intersection of the sagittal and lambdoid sutures.
superior parietal gyrus is also known as superior parietal lobule.
Parietal hernia is also known as Richter 's hernia.
Parietal lobe epilepsy is very rare form of epilepsy.
The parietal lobes integrates the sensory information to form a single perception.
Parietal placentation was seen in the disected specimen which had red stains.
The director also addressed the employee union pari passu.
Paripheral Nerve affected with periphearal neuropathy
Cases should be handled with parity.
Parity refers to the state of given birth to infants.
Parity bit is an extra bit attached to the byte, character or word used to check the integrity of data and detect errors in transmission.
Parity bit is an extra bit attached to the byte, character or word used to check the integrity of data and detect errors in transmission.
Parity check is method of adding a parity bit to a data stream to check that data is transmitted without errors.
Parity flag is a set of bits which are odd or even in the binary representation of the result of the last operation.
The parity of exchange will be explained by the judge.
The parity price depends on demand and supply of the commodity.
Parity rate is decided by the market forces in foreign exchange market.
There is a set formula for calculating parity ratio.
Parkinson 's facies is also known as masklike face.
Parkinsonism is resulting from deficiency of the neurotransmitter dopamine
Secondary parkinsonism is similar to Parkinson 's disease.
The Parliament was attacked by the terrorists.
The parliamentary affairs were highly confidential.
A Parliamentary committee has been set up to solve the flood problem.
Please take the approval for Parliamentary expenses.
Parodynia is also known as labor pains.
Par of exchange is declared on daily basis for transaction in foreign exchange.
She was released on parole.
Paronychia refers to a bacterial infection.
Incision and drainage is preferable to oral antibiotics in acute paronychial nail infection.
Parorexia refers to the craving indigestible foods.
A disease of nose.
Parosmia refers to perversion of the sense of smell.
Parosteitis is also known as parostitis.
Parotic region is the space around the ear.
Parotid Swelling refers to the enlargement of the parotid gland.
Parotid duct is also known as Stensen 's duct.
Parotidectomy technique refers to the Parotid Surgery.
Parotid gland secretes a saliva.
The parotid gland is the largest of the salivary glands.
Parotid gland can increase the cure rate in cancers of the mouth.
Epidemic parotiditis is an acute viral disease.
Parotid plexus is divided into the temporozygomatic and cervicofacial branches.
Parous is also known as abundant, anticipating, carrying a child etc.
Parovarian cyst arise between the layers of the mesosalpinx.
Parovarian is also known as paraovarian.
Parovarium is also known as paroophoron.
A paroxysm of coughing.
Paroxysm refers to a sudden outburst.
Paroxysmal attacks are associated with Multiple Sclerosis.
Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia refers to occasional rapid heart rate.
Paroxysmal tachycardia is also known as Bouveret - Hoffmann syndrome.
Parrot fever is caused by a bacteria, Chlamydia psittaci.
pars is also known as part.
Parser is an algorithm to analyzing a text and determine the syntactic structure of a sentence or string of symbols in some language.
Parse tree is an tree that represents the syntactic structure of a string according to some formal grammar.
The practice of parsimony in financial management is a good habit.
Parsing is the process of analyzing an input sequence in order to determine its grammatical structure with respect to a formal grammar.
Pars laryngea pharyngis is also known as pars laryngea pharyngis or hypopharynx.
To increase efficiency the old parts of the machine should be changed.
Part clearing will be resumed next day.
Urgently required items have been sent through the part consignment.
By the end of this week part delivery of goods will be done and the remaining goods will be delivered after full payment.
Partes Aequales represents the equal parts.
Part file is not in the usable condition.
Part file is not in the usable condition.
Part file is not in the usable condition.
Parthenogenesis naturally occurs in some invertebrate animal species.
Insects are learnt to be formed by the process of parthenogenesis.
This week partial delivery of goods will be done.
The director always behaves in a partial manner towards Mr. Tiwari.
Partial refers not to have completle part of anything.
A partial gastrectomy. or partial pressure.
The partial acceptance may be considered as a qualified acceptance.
Partial allotment of the budget has been conveyed to all the branches.
Partial audit of the project was done in February.
Partial delivery of goods against the order has been made immediately rest will be supplied shortly.
Due to partial disability Mr. Mahesh has got easy work.
Partial dislocation is also known as incomplete dislocation or subluxation.
Partial endorsement is considered as a qualified endorsement.
Partial equilibrium of demand and supply may help stabilising prices to some extent.
Partial grant in all subsidised loans has been released.
After hearing the judgement Raghav accused the judge for partiality.
Partial loss is covered under the insurance policy.
Partially ordered set is a set on which a partial order is defined.
The substance make the plant partly ressistant to this disease as the plant pathogen is very deadly.
The bill was passed after partial modification.
The bill was passed after partial modification.
Partial ophthalmoplegia involve only one or two of the extrinsic or intrinsic ocular muscles.
Partial order is an order defined for some, but not all, pairs of items.
Partial ordering is a set on which a partial order is defined.
Partial partition has been done of the manufacturing department of company to make the work easier.
A partial payment cannot be considered full settlement of the debt.
The participants of the competition were addressed by the judge.
He will participate in this competition.
Participating preference shares were acquired.
Participating preference shares are rarely issued.
The participation certificate was given to every participant.
Participation bond (profit sharing bond) is not a popular mode of investment.
Arranging participation loan for big projects is a common practice in banking.
He is a participative student of competition.
Alpha particle is a tiny mass of material composed of two protons and two neutrons.
This particular matter will be discussed in the meeting.
Ramesh is in search of a particular book of Economics.
Please consult the director for the recruitment of particular agent.
Particular lien is applicable and available only in respect of specific goods.
The director asked for particulars of the audit of the financial year 2006 - 07.
The partition of the hall has been done.
The partition of the country ruined the lives of people.
In Computer Science, partition is a portion or segment of a disk or storage area.
Partitioned access method have their own data set structures to organize data and system - provided programs to define data sets.
Partitioning is the act or practice of dividing the storage space of a hard disk.
Partition table describes to the operating system that how the hard disk is divided.
Mr. Naresh is a partner in the textile company.
The meeting of board of directors will be held only when the incoming partner will be present.
The outgoing partner addressed all the employees before leaving.
Partners current account is working properly.
There are Rs. 45 lakhs is in the partners current account.
Mr. Gupta and Mr. Shah have started an Import - Export business in partnership.
He has got the half partnership of the company.
It is necessary to maintain partnership account in the partnership firms.
A partnership at will may be dissolved at any time by a partner.
A partnership concern can sue and can be sued in its name.
The partnership deed was signed by both the parties.
Part paid stock can be sold as usual.
Part payment for goods will be done in this week.
Ganesh is doing part time job as a clerk in a finance company.
A part - time worker is not entitled for regular benefits of service.
Mostly students are engaged in a part time employment.
For one year he is a part - time faculty at the Department of Humanities & Social Sciences.
Parturient refers to desire to bring forth.
Parturifacient represents the oxytocic.
A parturition period of mother.
Parturition is also called as labor and delivery.
The party has given their cases to a famous lawyer.
After winning the final match the team organised a party.
The party in power became successful in managing the economy of the country.
Parulis is also known as gumboil.
These two lands are available at par value.
Parvule represent a minute pill.
Pascal - plus is a language which is used for object - oriented multiprogramming.
Due to a majority votes the speaker passed the bill.
Due to a majority votes the speaker passed the bill.
8 employees of the department passed the Hindi Praveen exam with good marks.
National Highway 4 passes through Belgaon city.
Passa represents a whitlow.
A passable coin can be accepted by a bank for exchange.
Our house is in the first passage on the left from the main road.
Nasal passage is coated with respiratory mucous membranes.
Birds of passage is a way of passing.
A anus is passage of stool.
Mr. Kumar was given 800 dollars passage advance for his Singapore tour.
To attract customers the travel agency offers passage concession.
Raj won a passage free in a T. V. competition.
Rakesh received passage money for working abroad on the company 's project.
Passage rebate is generally announced during slack season by the airlines.
To attract customers the travel agency offers passage rebates.
The passbook was updated by the bank employee.
Bank account pass book should be presented when withdrawals are made by withdrawal slip.
The accountant passed the bill for payment.
The passengers had been provided the facility of halt.
Tourist agency have the passenger manifest.
The passing official will put his initials on the cheque passed for payment.
Passion refers to be extremely agitated.
Ramesh remained passive in the meeting and did not say a word.
Passive refers to unreactive through passivation.
Passive represents an inactive state.
A passive immunity
Passive anaphylaxis is also knwn as antiserum anaphylaxis.
Maintaining a passive balance of payment may be a compulsion.
Passive bond may be liquidated as early as possible.
Passive debt may help attaining viability by the institution.
Passive deposit does not earn in the initial stage.
In passive graphics, user can not change the graphics by resizing or dragging.
In passive graphics, user can not change the graphics by resizing or dragging.
Passive hyperemia is also known as venous hyperemia.
Passive immunity is also known as acquired immunity.
The concept of passive resistant is explained in detail in the biology dictionary.
At the initial stage of starting a venture its shareholding remains as passive share.
Passive trade balance is likely to be corrected soon.
The garden is built with proper arrangement for passive ventilation.
The passport office has provided online application facility for passports.
Pass through the prices is generally resorted to by banks when additional cost in remittance is increased.
I dont know the password of his email account.
Password is a secret word or string of characters which is used as primary forms of online security.
Password is a secret word or string of characters which is used as primary forms of online security.
Password is a secret word or string of characters which is used as primary forms of online security.
The paste of sandalwood has a soothing effect on skin.
He pasted the bill on the compound wall.
Paste represents the toothpaste.
Paste refers to the mineral substance in which other minerals are imbedded.
Pasteuria species is inhibitting this particular portion of land we are trying to use some medicines to eliminate them completely.
Pasteurism refers to the vaccination.
Pasteurization relies on the principle that most harmful bacterial can be killed by heat.
Pasteurized milk is good for women who are pregnant.
Pastpointing detect the lack of coordination in voluntary movements.
The record of his past service was very good.
He resigned from his past service to join the new job.
A leprasy patch on skin.
A white patch on a skin.
Patch refers to a small dressing or covering to protect a wound or sore.
Patch tests are not the same as skin prick tests.
Patella is present on the knee joint.
Patella is also known as kneecap.
The patella of the insect was cut inorder to examine it for its internal structure.
The patellar reflex is also known as knee - jerk.
Patellar plexus is also known as peripatellar plexus.
Complete patellectomy resulted in greater ligament instability.
Patelliform refers the shape like a dish or a pan.
Patency represents the form of being unblocked.
He got the patent of the agricultural products manufactured by himself.
The inventor took a patent for the new discovered medicine.
Industrial design rights are called as design patents in some jurisdictions.
A patent ductus arteriosus in the heart of chlid
Our company have the patent and design of this product.
Patent coin / note boxes give a special recognition to it.
He was on the paternity leave.
Paterson 's algorithm is a concurrent programming algorithm for mutual exclusion which allows two processes to share a single - use resource without conflict.
In a computer operating system, path is a sequence of commands or general form of a filename or of a directory name which specifies a unique location in a file system.
Pathema generally refers to suffer either from any disease or problem.
Pathetic represents a pathetic sight.
Pathic refers to the victim.
Pathic is also known as catamite.
Mycobacterium tuberculi, bacteria is pathogen of tuberculosis
Pathogen more commonly known as germs.
This organisms is found out to be a very deaadly plant pathogen.
The worm is a pathogen to most of the species being observed.
A pathogenesis of a disease.
A pathogenesis of a tuberculosis
Pathogenesis include microbial infection or inflammation.
Pathogenesis helped doctors to know more about the disease and treat it in a better way.
Pathogenetic refers to anything which is capable of causing disesase.
Pathogenicity islands are found in Gram - negative as well as in Gram - positive bacteria.
The organism exhibits pathogenicity and has to be eliminated totally.
Pathognomonic represents the characteristics of a particular condition.
Physiognomy is based on shapes of the features and pathognomy.
Pathography originates from reflections on genius.
Pathologic condition depends on the pathogen.
Pathologic refers to belong to the pathology.
Pathologic represents to the causes of any disease.
Pathologic dislocation can be due to paralysis.
Fragility fracture is a type of pathologic fracture.
A pathologist, who practices, evaluates, or supervises diagnostic tests,
Pathologist is also known as pathobiologist.
A branch of medical science.
Pathology is also known as pathobiology.
Symptoms of Pathophobia include fear of disease, breathlessness, nausea, dry mouth etc.
Pathophysiology is also known as physiopathology.
This bushy plant is a host in a plant pathosystem.
The individual is carrying out a study which is based on the pathotype model.
A auditory pathway
A patient of cancer.
A patient suffer from any disease and get the tratment by a doctor.
Pator Narium refers to the related cavities of the nose.
Many patriots gave their lives to give India freedom.
The security guards were busy in patrolling.
The ministry of agriculture is a patron of this small scale industry.
The patrons of this businessman are all big corporate companies.
The patronage of the king saved lives of many people.
This pattern of art is very famous among youngsters.
A occlusal pattern of the occlusal surface of a tooth
A honeycomb pattern in lung x ray
The pattern of ownership of an organisation depends on the type of business / activities it is pursuing.
Pattern recognition is an automatic identification of figures, characters, shapes, forms, and patterns without active human participation in the decision process.
A slurred pattern speech.
In computer science, PAT tree is a data structure which presents the suffixes of a given string.
Patulous bronchial tree
Wound is patulous.
Patulous Eustachian tube is also known as patent Eustachian tube.
The paucity of information may lead a speaker in trouble.
Paucity of finance will delay the implementation of the project.
Paucity of supplies of sugar has increased its market price considerably.
Paunch is also known as rumen.
Ramesh was very wealthy but when his company closed down he became a pauper.
Pause refers to a short period of inaction.
Pavement epithelium is also known as simple squamous epithelium.
Pavor nocturnus is a disorder of sleep characterized by a dream of terrifying dimensions.
Pavor nocturnus is also known as night terrors.
On repayment of loan pawn item may be obtained / reclaimed back.
If loan is not repaid within a fixed time pawn broker can sell the goods to recover amount of loan advanced by him.
The pawnee has to take proper care of the things / articles deposited with him in pawns.
Pawner should obtain receipt of articles which have been kept in pawn.
The company deposit the employees salary in their bank account.
One can pay for the purchases made in cash or by cheque.
Rs. 25, 000 was payable to the dealer by the company.
They should be payable to the registrar of the university.
Most of the trade bills are made payable at sight.
Payable bank draft is subject to pre - audit.
The total amount of bill has been made payable on delivery.
The amount of cheque is payable on demand.
The drawee is discharged by payment of cheque in due course if it is expressed payable to bearer.
A cheque expressed to be payable to order cannot be paid to the bearer.
A cheque payable to self or bearer can be paid over the counter to the bearer.
Payable value may be determined on either a cash received basis or under normal accrual principles.
Ramesh took one month 's pay advance for his wife' s treatment from the company.
The company gives good pay allowances to its employees.
The pay and allowances applicable to employees differ in each case.
Pay and passage are admissible as per rules in force.
Pay back period can be extended in exceptional deserving cases.
The employees are given dearness allowance according to their basic pay.
The clerk of the accounts department will make pay bills.
Before sanctioning a loan the bank asked Ganesh to submit a pay certificate of his company.
The pay cheque will be directly credited in the bank account.
The pay slip will be given on the pay day.
The company gave the payee a cheque of Rs. 20, 000.
The accountant took the payees signature on the payees stamped receipt.
The payer has to give Rs. 3000 monthly for repayment of loan.
The government appoints a commission for pay fixation of government employees.
Pay fixed will be given to the employees of the marketing department by the company.
The pay increase will be according to the latest pay commission.
The paying banker has to ensure that payment is made in accordance with the mandate given by the customer.
The paying capacity is generally based on the income generation ability of the asset created by loan.
The paying department deals with all the payments made by the company.
The cashier notes all the payments in the paying in book.
Paying in slip can be filled in by the depositor or his agent.
Pankaj gave the paying officer an application for payment of the remaining amount.
The court gave the paying side an order to make payment of Rs. 50, 000.
The dealer was asked to sign the paying voucher.
Suresh 's initial pay was Rs. 8000 per month.
Pay in slips book can be in loose form also and now can be used at drop boxes for depositing cheques.
The company made the payment for raw material.
The payment of insurance premium can be by cheque.
The payment counter is a guarded place in the bank.
Bank should properly note the payment countermanded instructions of the customer.
The payment deficit is likely to be covered during the next year.
Payment for honour has to be attested by a competent authority.
Payment gateway works as an invisible process of making / receiving payments.
The payment in cash can be made at the cashier 's counter.
Any payment against irregular or incomplete instrument cannot be considered as payment in due course.
The loan made available by a milk society to its members for milch cattle collect milk from him as payment in kind of the loan instalment.
The company made payment in to treasury of Rs. 2 lakhs.
Since there was no deficiency in the process the payment is good.
Payment of throw forward arrears will reduce the amount of overdues.
Payment on account is a regular practice accepted by banks.
The company gave a payment order to the supplier for the payment of goods.
Payment order account may be checked regularly by the supervisor.
The borrower has to follow a payment schedule for making repayments.
If a banker makes payment despite payment stopped instructions it will be liable for loss.
The payment system of this bank is according to the token number.
If payment terms are not observed amount of loan may be recalled.
Payment voucher is countersigned by the authorised official in the bank.
The pay negotiations are in progress between two parties.
Ramesh was employed on a pay of appointment Rs. 10, 000 in the company.
He paid off his debts.
To get a No Dues certificate one has to pay off his debt.
Old investment will now pay off now.
Pay off period has been indicated in the loan agreement as 5 years.
After commission the Army officer received a pay of rank of Captain.
A bill of exchange which is payable on presentation contain an order to pay on demand.
The company gave a pay order to the supplier for the payment of goods.
The pay package in this company is more than the previous company.
The pay review was done by the pay commissioner.
The accounts department prepares the pay roll of all the employees in the company.
Every employee should sign in the payroll ledger as the receipt of payment.
Due to new pay commission the pay scale of all government employees will increase.
When cash is withdrawn from own account cheque is drawn in favour of self making it "pay self".
The clerk of accounts department prepares the pay sheets.
Every month, employees receive a pay slip.
Pay slip is issued to all the employees on the last working day of the month.
When a cheque is expressed as pay to (x) or bearer the drawer is discharged by making payment to bearer in due course.
When a cheque is expressed as pay to (x) or order bank has to ensure that payment is not made to the bearer.
The pay up may be temporary loss in anticipation of higher profit.
A pay yourself cheque serves as proof of payment made to bank.
PC is a small, relatively inexpensive computer designed for an individual user.
PCB is a dynamic data structure resident in memory which stores information about each process.
PC - disk operating system is the name of a number of operating systems which include facilities for storing files on disk.
PC - disk operating system is the name of a number of operating systems which include facilities for storing files on disk.
PC - DOS (PC - disk operating system) is the name of a number of operating systems which include facilities for storing files on disk.
PDL is a process of designing and documenting in software.
In PDM (Pulse Digital Modulation), an analog carrier signal is modulated by a digital bit stream.
PDN is a network established and operated by a telecommunications administration
PDT is an electronic device which is used to enter or retrieve and contained numerical and code data via wireless transmission.
PE is a method of recording data on magnetic tape in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and it occupies the same time.
PE is widely - used in Ethernet.
The soup is added with pea which is highly nutrious.
Peace net is a network sponsored by the Institute for Global Communications to serves peace and social justice around the world to communicate and share news about relevant events with each other.
The chinese peach is seen also in the temperate regions.
Peacock flower is a beautifull herb and gives a decorative effect.
Due to peak demand in the market rate are increasing at a fast pace.
The peak level of demand for sugar will come down after festive season.
Festive season is the peak period of production for milk products.
Peak season demand may be met by importing goods for a short period.
The new factory has achieved a peak to peak production within a short span of time.
A peanut oil used in the food.
The peanut is a legume plant.
Peanut oil is also called as groundnut oil.
Gouty pearl in the gout disease.
A epithelial pearl
Pearls symbolize purity and spiritual transformation.
Pearl is also known as cataract.
Indian economy is moving from peasant economy to industrial economy.
Majority of farming operation in India are peasant farming.
Peasant proprietor in India are having small average land holding.
Peasant proprietorship is regulated in India by Tenancy Acts.
The blood of silkworm is like this as it is being effected by pebrine disease.
The chemicals used on the plant helps in eliminating the condition of PEBV.
Peccant involves stumbling of a sort and falling into unhealthy behavior.
Peccant refers to producing disease of any kind.
Pectinate muscle is located on the inner surfaces of the right atrium.
The appendages seen in the mouth of the organisms is pectinate.
Pectiniform septum is a pectinate band of connective tissue.
A pectoral muscle.
The pectoral girdle is commonly referred to as the shoulder.
The pectoralis major extends across the upper part of the chest.
Angina pectoris refers to severe paroxysmal pain in the chest.
Whispered pectoriloquy refers to an increased loudness of whispering noted with a stethoscope on the lung fields on a patient 's back.
Pectus refers to the cheast.
Pectus carinatum may prevent complete expiration of air from the lungs
If pectus excavatum is severe, it may affect the heart and lungs.
The pecuniary advantage of this job is beyond imagination.
Before obtaining a contract its pecuniary benefit / loss has to be assessed properly.
Pecuniary interest in the compromise agreement may be protected.
In the financial year 2006 - 07 the company 's pecuniary liability was Rs. 15 lakhs.
Matter may be taken up with the competent authority for waiver of the pecuniary penalty.
Pedal refers to a footlike part.
Pederast refers to a man who is involved in pederasty.
Pedialgia represents the pain in the foot.
Pediatric is also known as paediatric.
Pediatrician represents to a specialist in the care of babies.
Pediatrics is also used to describe the medicine of young animals.
In this type of species pedicel holds only a single flower.
Pedicel in this type of species is very thin and delicate.
A vascular pedicle
Pedicle is also known as peduncle.
Pedicle flap is attached by tissue through which it receives its blood supply.
Pedicterus refers to the yellow fever that is found in the infants.
Pedicular is related to pediculi.
Pediculicide refers to the agents that destroys lice.
In pediculosis capitis there is presence of lice on the scalp, with nits attached to hairs.
Pediculosis corporis is infestation of the skin of the body with lice.
Pediculosis pubis is usually sexually transmitted.
A pediculus humanus corporis.
A pediculus humanus capitis
Pediculus humanus is a species feeding on human blood.
Pediculosis Capitis cause irritation in the form of erythema and scaling.
Pediculosis corporis is caused by the louse Pediculus humanus humanus.
Pediform represents a footlike shape.
Pedigree is used in genetics to analyze inheritance.
The pedigree of organisms velonging to this species is being clearly drawn using pictures.
The pedipalp in different spiders is studied by taking a sample of each species.
The pedipalpus forms a claw in this type of organisms.
Pedodontics is also known as Pediatric Dentistry.
Pedodontist refers to a person who is qualified to practice dentistry.
In neuroanatomy peduncle is band connecting parts of the brain.
Peduncle is also known as pedicle or pedunculus.
The peduncle is seen to be present in the fungi.
Pedunculated polyp is a polyp with a stalk.
Peeling refers to loss of bits of outer skin by shedding.
Peer refers to that which has equal standing with another.
Peer represents to have the status of any pair.
It would be in the interest of work to establish a close rapport with the peer company.
Peer to peer allows internet users to transfer files directly, rather than through the use of a website or directory.
The pegged price of oil is Rs. 59 per litre.
Pegged prices may go up or come down the moment demand and supply factors start working in a forceful manner.
Pegging of prices may help maintaining stability in the market for time being.
Pegging up of prices of certain shares will help the speculators.
The price of oil has reached the peg point of Rs. 59 per litre.
Pel is the smallest discrete rectangular area of an image.
Pelage refers to the growth of hair or wool or fur that cover the body of an animal.
Pelioma is also known as peliom.
Bacillary peliosis is a form of peliosis hepatis.
Pellagra is associated with diet deficient in niacin.
Pellagra is observed in malnourished individuals.
Pellagragenic represents the development of pellagra.
Pellagrous refers to belong with pellagra.
Pellet represents a small sphere.
Pellet may be of medicine or food.
The food consumed by the organisms gets ingested in the form of pellets.
Pellicle refers to an organic memberane or a liquid film.
Pelopathy is also known as pelotherapy.
Peltamigratus is not seen to be present in the ares which are cultivated.
Pelurography refers to a method of qualitative or quantitative analysis.
Uterus is a pelvic organ.
Pelvic Ultrasound is also known as ultrasound imaging.
Pelvic brim refers to the bony ridge in the cavity of the pelvis.
Pelvic cellulitis is also known as parametritis.
The Pelvic Girdle is also called as the hip girdle.
Pelvic Girdle is also known as pelvic arch.
bounded anteriorly by the pubic symphysis, laterally by the iliopectineal lines, and posteriorly by the sacrum.
Pelvic plexus contributes ganglion cells to the hindgut enteric nervous system.
Pelvimeter is shaped like a calipers.
Pelvimetry is most valuable in cases in which it indicated a normal pelvis or gross bony disproportion.
Pelvis is formed by hip bone.
The renal pelvis is the point of convergence of two or three major calyces.
Pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune and blistering disease affecting the skin.
Criminals are punished according to the Penal laws.
Necessary permission for penal action may be obtained from the competent authority.
In India criminals are punished according to the Penal code.
The bank levies penal interest for non payment of monthly loan instalment.
The bank levies penal interest for non payment of monthly loan instalment.
The court penalized the accountant for misappropriation of government funds.
Penal law is passed by the Central Government.
Penal provision in the agreement may be suitably incorporated.
The head office informed the branches of the new penal rate.
For non payment of machinery hiring charges the office was charged penal rent.
For non payment of machinery hiring charges the office was charged penal rent.
The penal sum has to be deposited within one week.
For breaking traffic rules the traffic police charged a penalty of Rs. 500.
Penalty is charged for breaking traffic rules.
Penalty proceedings were initiated against the employee for breaking office rules.
The case is pending in the court for the last 3 years.
The judgment of the court case is pending.
The result of the examination will be pending till next week.
The director called a meeting for discussing pending cases.
The pending decision of the court will be taken today.
The decision of the court will be handled.
A reasonable amount of advance may be made against the pending freight.
Notices may be issued pending realisation.
Head office may be requested for expeditious disposal of the pending reference.
Due to the attack on a senior journalist all journalists went on a one day pen down strike.
Pendulous refers to hang in a loose fasion.
Pendulous abdomen is due to weakness and lack of firmness of the abdominal muscles.
Peduncular refers to a stalklike base to which a tumor is attached.
A penis penetrating into vagina.
The penetrating odor of garlic soon filled the entire apartment.
Penetration of needle into triceps muscle of hand.
A penile injury.
A penile fracture is an injury caused by the rupture of the tunica albuginea.
Penile sore due to chancre.
A errection of penis.
Penis is also used for urine excretion in many mammals.
The penis in the invertibrates is not easily noticable and is used for passing urine.
Penitis is also known as phallitis.
A fungus on the pennisetum typhoides led to the death of almost all the animals.
Penology refers to the study of punishment and prisons.
Pen plotter is a computer output device that draws graphs or pictures and print graphical plots that connects to a computer, usually by moving a pen.
Pen plotter is a computer output device that draws graphs or pictures and print graphical plots that connects to a computer, usually by moving a pen.
The pension of government employees has recently increased.
Employees with fifteen years continuous service have a pensionable salary.
The pensionable age of the employee differs from company to company.
Government employees receive a pensionable pay.
The post of a school teacher is apensionable post.
Fifteen years continuous service in the company is considered as pensionable service.
The pensionary benefits depend on the number of years of service.
The pension card was issued to a senior citizen.
One should be aware of the provision of pension entitlement.
After retirement Mr. Gupta is leading a pensioner 's life.
The pension papers of newly retired people were not yet ready.
On retirement the office issues a pension payment order in the name of the employee.
The pension pay order was issued by the pay commission.
The pension scheme is not applicable to the employees of autonomous institutions.
Pentadactyl represents the five digits.
The plant species found in this region is trudied to be pentamerous.
Pentavalent is also represented by quinquevalent.
Pentium is a registered trademark which is widely - used personal computer microprocessor from the Intel Corporation.
Pentoxylae is found out to be present at the time of jurassic by the geologists.
A beautiful pen tray is kept on the officer 's table.
In the Asia Cup Hockey tournament the Indian team will play the penultimate match against Australia.
Penuriousness is a curse of life.
In Computing slang, peon is an "unprivileged user" which means a person without special privileges on a computer system.
In Computing slang, peon is an "unprivileged user" which means a person without special privileges on a computer system.
Maintaining the peon book is the responsibility of the Supervisor.
Peppermint is being used in production of toothpaste because of its taste.
Pepsin catalyzes the breakdown of protein to peptides.
The pepsin enzme is obtained for the animal pig.
A peptic ulcer is an erosion or sore in the wall of the gastrointestinal tract.
Peptic ulcer occur in the stomach or duodenum.
The peptide is studied to be a protein mass.
PER is a financial ratio of a stock which compares the share price to the profit earned by the company per share.
A fluid tapping perabdomen.
Per - abdomen refers to anything that enters inside the abdomen.
The per annum income of this officer is 12 lakhs.
Per - anus refers to per - anum.
The cheque book may be delivered per bearer.
The per capita income in Indonesia is very low.
Expenditure on health percapita.
The per capita expenditure should not be more than per capita income.
The per capita income must be more that the per capita expenditure.
Per capita land area in India is very small.
A percent is a ratio whose base is hundred (100).
The percentage of interest rates offered by the banks are decreasing day by day.
The percentage of of interest rate is higher for senior citizens.
Normal haemoglobin percentage in the blood is 14. 5%
The supervisor does a percentage check of the produced goods.
Percentage of overdues to demand in industrial loans is very high.
High percentage points will help him to get admission in a reputed college.
The annual percentage rate of import and export is published in the business news paper.
The bank has announced 80 percentage recoveries of loans in the financial year 2006 - 07.
Percept represents a concept that depends on recognition by the senses.
A depth perception.
A self perception of knowledge.
Perception is related to knowledge through the senses.
Perceptivity represents the ability to perceive.
Percolate refers to ooze through a porous substance.
Percolation of serous fluid into the peritonial cavity.
Percolation threshold is related to percolation theory.
In computer science, a percolation process is a process of transfer of needed data back from secondary storage devices to main storage.
Percolator is a kind of coffeepot.
The per contra party critisised the ruling party for rise in oil prices.
Percuss represents to strike hard.
A percussion instrument is related to any object which produces a sound.
A percussion hammer is done to take reflexes.
Percussor is used in percussive examinations of the chest and in testing reflexes.
Percutaneous coronary intervention is also known as coronary angioplasty.
Per day allowance is admissible to employees travelling outside headquarter.
Per diem scales differ for each category of staff.
Peremptory order may be circulated to all for compliance.
In some areas there is perennial water problem.
The water source to the paddy fields is perennial.
The textile industry in India is a perennial industry.
Perfect competition create a healthy market, which is in the interest of consumer.
The lily is identified top be a perfect flower.
Perfecting the sight be ensured before maturity.
Perfective maintenance means device maintenance for achieving maximum efficiency.
Perfective maintenance means device maintenance for achieving maximum efficiency.
In a perfect market large number of buyers and sellers enjoy equal access.
Perfect monopoly is not in the interest of a healthy market or the consumer.
Perfect reflector is an algorithm for color balancing.
Perfect reflector algorithm is an algorithm for color balancing.
He has proved perfect right over the property in the court of law.
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa are serpiginous in distribution and associated with specific diseases.
Perforate refers to bore a hole.
Perforated refers to pierced with one or more holes.
Perforated tape is a type of tape used in finishing joints between gypsum boards.
Perforated tape reader is a reader for reading information represented by apertures in a tape and apertures being arranged in the form of a binary code.
Perforated ulcer allows digestive juices and food to leech into the abdominal cavity.
To file documents a perforating machine is used.
There is perforation on the bank slip so that you can easily tear the client copy.
A intestinal perforation.
Gastrointestinal perforation is a hole that develops through the entire wall of the stomach.
A perforation of abdomen by bullet.
Perforator is used in paper, card, plastic or metal.
The high court ordered the private banks not to recover loans perforce.
In computer science, performability is a COBOL language statement used for executing "paragraphs".
Due to good work performance Mr. Gupta was promoted to the post of manager in a short time.
The performance appraisal was issued to the employee.
The company 's performance audit will start on 21st December.
Performance - based education provides students with a clear framework for planning their individual studies and for gauging their progress through the curriculum.
Performance bond is generally issued in case of foreign trade or work to be executed overseas.
To complete the new project in time the company prepared a performance budget.
Performance budgeting was done by the company to complete the new project in time.
Performance efficiency is necessary to complete the project in time.
In case of performance guarantee bank usually obtains cash cover or some kind of indemnity.
A performance index was prepared by the department head.
Performance linked incentives is granted in terms of overall performance in connection with the objectives set.
Performance monitor is a wizard which simplifies the process of gathering performance monitor logs.
Performance monitoring software provides real - time view of individual user activity on a network.
The head of each department did the performance rating of the employees.
The department head enters performance rating in the performance register.
The performance report of the company was discussed in the meeting of the board of directors.
The department head prepares the performance report of the employees at the end of the month.
The performance review of the department was discussed in the meeting.
Perfusion of fluid into pleural cavity.
Perfusion is related to the process when a liquid poured over an organ or tissue.
Total expenditure for the trip may be divided per head.
A perianal region.
Peri - represents the surrounding.
Periadenitis mucosa necrotica recurrens is the involvement of the oral mucosa with deep - seated aphthouslike ulcers.
A perianal abscess is a local accumulation of pus.
Perianal abscess appear as a red, swollen, tender area on a child.
The perianth is present in all the species of flowering plants.
Chronic periaortitis involves the infrarenal portion of the abdominal aorta.
Periappendicitis refers to the inflammation of the tissue around the serosal region of the vermiform appendix.
Periarterial plexus is also known as plexus periarterialis.
Periarteritis nodosa is a progressive disease of connective tissue.
Periarthritis is a chronic and inflammatory disease of a joint capsule.
Periarticular refers to belong to the tissues surrounding any joint.
Periaxonic represents to present surrounding an axis.
The periblem is sketched as viewed from the microscope.
Peribronchitis is a form of bronchitis that consist of inflammation.
Pericardectomy is a form of treatment for pericardial effusion.
Pericardiac is related to that which is located around the heart.
Pericardiocentesis is done in an intensive care unit.
Post - Pericardiotomy Syndrome is followed by the cardiac surgery with the Tetralogy of Fallot.
Pericarditic pseudo - cirrosis of liver is also known as pick 's disease.
In idiopathic pericarditis, no clear cause is determined.
Inflammation of pericardium called pericarditis.
Effusion of a fluid into the pericardium.
The fibrous pericardium forms a flask - shaped bag.
Pericardial adhesion sometimes restricting the muscle 's action.
In the specimen of the ovary pericarp can be seen in 3 different layers when viewd through a microscope.
The pericellular lymph spaces surrounds the ganglion cells.
Fibrous structure was seen at the perichaetium.
Perichondral bone is also known as collar bone.
Perichondritis refers to an infection of the tissue that surrounds and which makes up the outer ear.
Tragal perichondrium and cartilage is an ideal graft material for reconstructive tympanoplasty.
Pericolic represents encircling of the colon.
Pericolitis refers to inflammation of tissues around the colon.
Pericolpitis is also known as perivaginitis.
Pericorneal is also known as circumcorneal.
Pericranitis refers to the inflammation of the pericranium.
Pericranium refers to the fibrous membrane that covers the external surface of the skull.
Pericycle is the most inportant part of the roots which causes root growth.
Pericystic refers to surrounding the urinary bladder.
Pericystitis plastica is an extremely rare type of Idiopathic retroperitoneal fibrosis.
A pericyte is also known as Rouget cell.
Peridental is also known as periodontal.
Periodontal Abscess is also known as lateral periodontal abscess.
Periderm is a growing tissue between the bark and the wood in plants.
The structure of the plant stem periderm was seen under the microscope.
Perididymis referas to the tunica vaginalis testis.
Perididysmitis refers to the inflammation related to perdidymis.
Peridiverticulitis of the appendix is an unusual ultrasonic target lesion.
The perifollicular zone contains sheathed capillaries and blood - filled spaces without endothelial lining.
Perifolliculitis occur in conjunction with folliculitis.
Perigastric is applied to the body cavity of Bryozoa and various other Invertebrata.
Perigastritis adhaesiva diaphragmatica is a source of roentgen diagnostic errors.
Periglottis refers to the epidermis of the tongue.
The perigynium is measured to be an inch in size.
The rose flower is perigynous in nature.
Gonococcal Perihepatitis refers to a rare condition where the thin layer around the liver becomes infected.
Perijejunitis refers to the inflammation of the tissues surrounding the jejunum.
Perikaryon is also known as cell body.
Perilaryngitis refers to the inflammation of the tissues which are present around the larynx.
A perilymph fistula is a pathologic connection between the fluid - filled space of the inner ear and the air - filled space of the middle ear
Perimetritis is also known as metroperitonitis.
Perimetrium refers to a membrane round the uterus.
It is boserved that perinaeum is present in both the sexs of organisms.
A perinatal care
Perinatal represents the five months before and one month after birth.
Perineal refers to the inferior pelvic cavity.
A perineal hernia is treated by using the internal obturator muscle flap technique.
Perineal region include the anal and genitourinary regions.
Perineeal pattern was observed to be present only in the female specimen.
Perineoplasty is also known as perineorrhaphy.
Post - anal perineorrhaphy is used for rectal prolapse.
Perineotomy is used in external urethrotomy to facilitate childbirth.
A perinephric abscess is a collection of suppurative material in the perinephric space.
Renal cortical abscess, perinephritis and perinephric abscess form a spectrum of renal inflammatory disease.
A perineal muscle tear.
Perineum refers to the region of the body inferior to the pelvic diaphragm and between the legs.
Optic perineuritis is a rare initial presentation of sarcoidosis.
The perineurium forms a protective barrier around fascicles of nerve fibers.
In the period from January to December 2007 the company 's profit increased by 25 percent.
The company has been given a period of 2 years to complete the project.
A gestation period
Latency period refers to the latent period.
A incubation period of disease.
A period bill dt. 31st August when made payable three month after date will mature on 3rd December (including grace period).
Periodic medical journal.
Periodic is also known as periodical.
Periodic means happening or appearing at regular intervals.
The company publishes a monthly periodical of its activities.
To complete the project in time the board of directors decided on periodical adjustment of funds.
Periodical audit of the firm is conducted at every quarter ending.
All expenses incurred monthly are entered in the periodical charges register.
Periodical checking of the godown will be conducted by the supervisor.
After completing 5 years of service the employee is given a periodical increment certificate.
The periodical inspection of the office will take place on 30th July.
All department heads have received an order to prepare the periodical report before 10th July.
Every year the company submits the periodical return of income tax in the Income - tax office.
Periodical returns are required to be furnished by branch to its controlling office on monthly / quarterly / yearly basis.
Periodical settlement on the newly reclaimed land has to be done every 5 years.
The periodical surprise verification of securities in the branch will be done by an officer from outside the region.
Periodical valuation of stocks may be done on half yearly basis.
The periodical valuation method was discussed in the board meeting.
There is a periodical verification of all the documents in the office.
Periodic balance method is adopted in all banks for reconciliation of accounts.
A filarial periodicity
Periodicity refers to recurrence at regular intervals.
The digestion is carried by periodic release of digestive juices.
Periodic variations in the price of food commodities are seasonal.
The period of currency of the document will expire on 31st December.
The period of currency of a bank note is not indicated on it.
The period of disablement has to be certified by a competent doctor.
Period of gestation of a mother.
The period of grace is a customary time granted in determining the date of payment of a bill not expressed to be payable on demand.
The period of notice for this job is of 30 days.
Total period of service is taken into account for retirement benefit to an employee.
Periodontal disease is an infection of the tissues that support the teeth.
Periodontal membrane is also known as periodontal ligament.
Periodontics is also known as periodontology.
Periodontics refers to the branch of dentistry that deals with the study and treatment of periodontal disease.
Periodontitis involves progressive loss of the alveolar bone.
Periodontium include the cementum, periodontal ligament, alveolar bone, and gingiva.
Periodontosis is characterized by idiopathic destruction of the periodontium without inflammation.
The period under review for newly joined will of 20 days.
Youth is period of vulnerable
Periorbit is also called as orbital fascia.
Periosteal chondronia is an uncommon benign cartilaginous tumor.
Periosteal graft is usually placed on bare bone.
Tibial periosteitis is also known as periosteitis of tibia or sabre tibia.
Periosteoma is also known as periosteophyte.
A periosteum cranii
Periosteum contains the blood vessels and nerves.
Extensive hemorrhagic peripancreatitis occurred in acute pancreatitis.
A peripheral nerve.
Peripheral vascular disease is the most common disease of the arteries.
Peripheral address is the address through which peripheral device is identified or addressed from another.
Peripheral bus is the data pathway that connects peripheral devices to the Central Processing Unit (CPU).
Peripheral circulatory Failure causes necrosis of that part.
Peripheral component interconnect is a type of computer bus for attaching or inserting peripheral devices into a computer. It provides a high - speed connection with peripherals.
In computer science, Peripheral control interprets and responds to instructions from the central processing unit.
In computer science, Peripheral control unit is a device which connects a unit of peripheral equipment with the central processing unit of a computer.
In computer science, Peripheral control unit is a device which connects a unit of peripheral equipment with the central processing unit of a computer.
Peripheral device can connected internally or externally to a computer and used to enter or display data.
Peripheral equipment can connected internally or externally to a computer and used to enter or display data.
Peripheral interface adapter is a peripheral integrated circuit providing parallel I / O interfacing capability for microprocessor systems.
Peripheral interface adapter is a peripheral integrated circuit providing parallel I / O interfacing capability for microprocessor systems.
Peripheral interface channel is a path along which information can flow between a unit of peripheral equipment and the central processing unit of a computer.
Peripheral interface channel is a path along which information can flow between a unit of peripheral equipment and the central processing unit of a computer.
The Peripheral Nervous System include the nerves and ganglia outside of the brain and the spinal cord.
In the sample specimen peripheral nerve net is seen to be absent.
The poison tends to affect the peripheral nervous system of insects.
In network topology, peripheral node means a node connected to one and only one branch.
In network topology, peripheral node means a node connected to one and only one branch.
Peripheral operation is an operation in which an input or output device is used and which is not directly controlled by a computer while the operation is being carried out.
Peripheral operation is an operation in which an input or output device is used and which is not directly controlled by a computer while the operation is being carried out.
Peripheral processor is a processor which controls specific functions and itself operates under the control of the central processor or master computer.
Peripheral processor is a processor which controls specific functions and itself operates under the control of the central processor or master computer.
Large number of shops are selling peripherals of computers in the town.
Peripheral subsystem is a compact storage subsystem which provides up to 8 GB of duplexed storage in a single expansion cabinet.
Peripheral transfer is a transmission of data between two units of peripheral equipment.
Periphery refers to a perimeter.
Retinal periphlebitis is a rare eye disorder.
Peripleuritis refers to the inflammation which is present around the pleura.
Peripneumonia is also known as Pneumonitis.
The periproct is observed to be oval when viewed through a magnifying glass.
Periproctitis is also known as perirectitis.
Periprostatitis refers to the inflammation of the tissues around the prostate.
Perirenal abscesses are caused by urinary tract infections.
Perisalpingitis refers to the inflammation related to the peritoneal covering of the fallopian tube.
Perisalpinx represents the peritoneal covering of the uterine tube.
This is a perishable element.
Perishable goods like milk and vegetables can not be transported long distances.
Perisplenitis represents the inflammation of the external coverings of the spleen.
Intestinal peristalsis.
Peristalsis is a normal function of the body.
Muscles of the intestine were seen to exhibit peristalsis.
Peristaltic reflex is the onward movement of a bolus of ingesta in the intestine.
Peristaltic rush a rapid movement of intestinal contents.
It is found that peristaltic contractions depends totally on the food intake.
Peristome are seen to be present in the moss.
The peristome teeth were observed to be triangular.
Perisystole is perceptible only in the dying.
Peritomy is also known as peritectomy.
Peritoneal cancer is a rare cancer that develops in the peritoneum.
Peritoneal dialysis is a treatment for severe chronic kidney failure.
Peritoneal cancer is like an ovarian cancer.
Peritoneopathy refers to the disease of the peritoneum.
Peritoneoplasty is done to prevent reformation of pathologic scarring.
Peritoneoscope is also known as laparoscope.
Peritoneoscopy is also known as celioscopy or ventroscopy.
Peritoneotomy refers to the incision into the peritoneum.
There is parital peritoneum and visceral peritoneum.
The peritoneum covers most abdominal viscera.
A collection of pus in the abdomen may cause peritonitis.
Peritonsillar abscess is also called as quinsy.
Peritonsillar abscess is a recognised complication of tonsillitis.
Acute peritonsillitis is also known as peritonsillar abscess.
The peritrophic membrane is found out to be the anatomic structure.
Perityphilitis is also known as appendicitis
Periumbilical is also known as periomphalic.
Periureteral abscess refers to a type of abscess surrounding the ureter.
Periureteritis is caused by inflammation of the ureter itself.
Periurethral refers to surrounding the urethra.
Periurethritis is also known as spongiositis.
Perivaginal needle is also known as gerlach needle.
A perivascular cell is in the periphery of vasculature.
Perivisceritis refers to the inflammation around any viscera.
Dinesh was given a one year sentence by the court for perjury.
Dinesh was given a one year sentence by the court for perjury.
A perjury by doctor.
Perl is a text - oriented, high - level, general - purpose, dynamic and interpreted scripting programming language which is widely used in Internet applications.
Insects of perlaria are used by the fisherman for catching fish.
Perleche sometimes referred as cheilosis.
The permanency of this result of the experiment is at stake.
The permanent employees are given the benefit of permanency.
A permanent teeth.
To open a demat account it is necessary to have a Permanent Account Number.
The permanent address was written on the bank passbook.
There is no provision for permanent advance.
He was sent a permanent offer letter.
Permanent cartilage remains throughout life.
Permanent circuit is a software - defined logical connection in a network which is established in advance.
Permanent circuit is a software - defined logical connection in a network which is established in advance.
Welfare fund for employees is a permanent fund created by the company.
Buying land and building is considered to be a permanent investment.
He is a permanent lessee of this house.
Permanent memory is computer memory that can retain the stored information even when not powered.
Permanent memory is computer memory that can retain the stored information even when power supply is turned off.
The permanent pensionable posts are very rare nowadays.
Mr. Mehta is working at the permanent pensionable post of Manager.
Mr. Naresh is working at the permanent post of Manager.
A person with permanent service will enjoy all retirement benefits.
A permanent settlement is generally irreversible in nature.
Permanent storage is computer memory that can retain the stored information even when power supply is turned off.
Permanent teeth is also known as adult teeth.
Pemanent teeth persist up to old age, and 32 in number.
The type of cell present in the permanent tissue were identified.
Permanent allowance is sanctioned for all the employees.
There is a permanent vacancy for this post of language teacher.
Permanent virtual circuit is a software - defined logical connection in a network which is established in advance.
The membrane of the cell is said to be permeable to small molecules.
Gel permeation chromatography.
The process of liquid permeation can be seen in the membrane being examined.
The salary would be given per mensem.
It is not permissible to enter a defence area without an identity card.
It is not permissible to enter a defence area without an identity card.
When total outstandings touch the permissible level / limit further withdrawals in the account will not be allowed.
The company has decided Rs. 5 lakhs as the permissible limit for expenditure.
You need to have a permissible quantity permit while bringing gold from abroad.
The director has given Mr. Mehta permission to leave early.
The company has received permission from the head office to open a new factory.
The director has given permit to take action against the clerk involved in misappropriation of funds.
It is necessary for vehicles used for commercial purpose to take a permit.
Permit and link file means a path of any specific file which can be accessed.
The permit holders are allowed to open a cyber caf.
Mr. Shah has been permitted to go on one months leave.
Mr. Shah has been permitted to go on one months leave.
Permutation is one possible combination of numbers out of a larger set of numbers.
Pernasal refers as the work done by the help of nose.
There is Pernicious anemia
Pernicious anemia is also known as Biermer 's anemia.
The organisms just traced in the paddy field is pernicious.
Pernicious is also known as noxious.
Pernicious is also known as deadly.
Lupus pernio is a chronic raised lesion on the skin.
Perniosis results in itching, swelling and painful erythema on the fingers.
Perodactyly is also known as perodactylia.
Per office failure rate is the number of failures of a specified category in a given period, in a given number of computer runs of an office.
Peroneus longus is also known as fibularis longus.
Per - oral refers to that occurring through the mouth.
Per - os represents by mouth activity.
Perosis is a nutritional disease of young birds.
The phenomenon of peroxidase can be seen to occur in plant cells.
Hydrogen peroxide is a pale blue liquid.
There is perpendicular line.
Perpendicular fall in values have compelled the investors to withdraw their investment in reality shares.
There is perpetual water problem in the area.
The Tajmahal will be a perpetual attraction for tourists.
There is perpetual water problem in the area.
Perpetual debentures issued by government are intended to be a permanent debt.
Rates of premium in perpetual insurance may be slightly more.
Perpetual inventory method pays a rich dividend in checking wastage.
Specific rules have been framed in law for perpetual succession.
They do not own the land in perpetuity.
The company promised to give Mr. Gupta perquisites along with the basic pay.
Mr. Mehta will be given all the perquisites related to the post of director.
Mr. Mehta will be given all the perquisites related to the post of director.
Bleeding per rectum refers to the bleeding in any segment of the gastrointestinal tract.
Perseveration happens during Prader - Willi Syndrome in children.
The leaves of these plant species is found out to be persistant.
The persistant virus has to be eliminated by using this drug which is known to be highly effective.
In computer science, persistence refers to the characteristic of data that outlives the execution of the program that created it.
Blood flow is persistent with the heart beat.
The smell of the chemicals sprayed on the plants is persistent.
Persistent inflation is a cause of concern to the government and hardship to the common man.
Persistent loss will erode the owned capital soon.
The illiterate people are the victims of persistent unemployment.
The money of the organization should not be used for personal expenditure.
Personal refers to the external appearance.
There is personal history
Personal account can be operated by individually or jointly.
The company gives the employees personal advances upto Rs. 10, 000.
All the personal allowances would be included in the salary.
Declare your personal assets to the bank.
He signed the personal bond when joining the company.
Personal claims have to be submitted to the finance department.
Personal computer is a small, relatively inexpensive computer designed for an individual user.
Personal computer is a small, relatively inexpensive computer designed for an individual user.
Personal computing means working on own computers rather than a terminal to a mainframe.
The political parties often organize personal contact programme
Personal credit in the market help in getting smooth sanction of loan in a bank.
The personal data should be kept confidential.
Mr. Tiwari has Rs. 42, 000 in his personal deposit account.
Dinesh has peronal deposits of Rs. 75, 000.
Tourists are not allowed to take personal effects into the museum.
Reimbursement for transport expenses of personal effects on transfer is allowed as per rules.
His personal estate is managed by a care taker.
Person guarantee may be backed by some collateral.
Patient 's personal history is very important in the diagnosis.
Personal hygiene prevents diseases.
The personal identification marks were asked to relatives of the dead people.
Personal identification number is a secret numeric password shared between a user and a system that can be used to authenticate the user to the system.
Personal identification number is a secret numeric password shared between a user and a system that can be used to authenticate the user to the system.
Personal identification number is required for withdrawal of money from an ATM.
Personal identity is important during admission of patient in the hospital.
The personality of a manager should be promising.
Personality psychology is a branch of psychology.
The personality clash of two people may lead to interpersonal crisis.
Many professional courses conduct personality tests before selecting the candidates.
Personality transformation due to psychological disease.
The owner 's personal liability cannot be added in the company' s accounts.
Personal loan is generally for a shorter duration.
Mr. Goel 's personal pay is Rs. 15, 000.
This land is my personal property.
Trading in shares through a broker involves personal risk.
Chairman of the bank has been provided personal security.
A personal surety may be called upon to provide some security or collateral.
Personal tax is to be deducted as source.
Personal wealth above a level is subject to wealth tax in India.
He was classed under the category of persona non grata.
The plant tends to personate the face of the dragon.
As the company has efficient personnel all projects are completed in time.
The company requires trained personnel.
He did a post graduate diploma in personnel development.
Personnel management department is headed by a senior general manager in the bank.
The personnel policy of this company needs to be redefined.
The personnel section places employees on different posts according to their eligibility.
A large number of persons of Indian origin are settled abroad.
The project leader gave the team members the right perspective of the project.
Perspective projection means the projection of points by straight lines drawn through them from some given point to an intersection with the plane of projection.
The perspiration is sign of disease..
Perspiration can occur in many different areas on the body.
The leader persuaded the followers not to protest.
After a lot of persuasion Rajiv agreed to work on the project.
PERT is a project management tool used in planning, scheduling, controlling, analyzing and representing the tasks involved in completing a given project.
PERT is a project management tool used in planning, scheduling, controlling, analyzing and representing the tasks involved in completing a given project.
This notice is pertinent to the problems of technical staff.
Pertinent area is the area which is related to any specific field or domain.
Per - tubam refers the way through a tube.
Pertussis is disease of children.
Pertussis is caused by Bordetella pertussis bacteria.
Pertussis is also known as Whooping Cough.
Per - urethram refers the way through the urethra.
To obtain a loan Mahesh submitted the papers to the bank for perusal.
Mahesh submitted the report to the director for his perusal.
Peruvian bark is also known as cinchona.
Peruvian bark is often taken in wine.
There is sexual perversion.
Perversion refers to abnormal sexual practice.
Pervert is also known as corrupt.
Pervious is permitting the passage of substances (e. g., liquids, gases, heat), as through a membrane or other structure.
Pervious represents the permeable nature.
Pes include the tarsus and foot.
Pes anserine bursitis is also known as pes anserinus bursitis.
Pes arserinus is final common tendinous insertion of sartorius.
Pes cavus can be cause polio.
Pes equinus is also known as talipes equinus.
Progressive pes planus is also known as flatfoot.
Pessary introduced into the vagina to support the uterus or to correct any displacement.
Pessary refers to a vaginal suppository.
Pest causes excessive mortality.
Pest refers to the infection of rodents.
A large quantity of foodgrains stored were effected by pest which has resulted in a huge loss.
The chemical is known to have a good effect in control of pest population.
A gas is being sprayed in the appartment as a measure for pest control.
The overuse of pesticide is harmful.
It is manatory to use pesticide on the plants inorder to protect them.
Pesticide poisoning is an important occupational health defect.
The limit of pesticide tolerance is mentioned by the governing body and has to be strictly followed.
Pestiferous is also known as contagious.
Pestilence refers to a serious infection of rodents.
Pestle is used for bruising, breaking, grinding, and mixing substances in a mortar.
A mortar and pestle is a tool used to crush.
The school children were given a lecture on pest management.
The medicine which was sprayed last month was not effective as pest resurgence can be seen.
Pes valgus is also known as talipes valgus.
Pes varus is also known as pes adductus.
The petals of the flower is so beautifull and showy.
The upper part of the moulded plastic is given a petaloid shape.
Petechia is a sign of dengue haemorragic fever.
Petechiae is caused by intradermal hemorrhage.
A petechial hemorrhage is a tiny pinpoint red mark.
Peterson 's algorithm is a concurrent programming algorithm which allows two processes to share a single - use resource without conflict.
Petiolate refers to have petiole.
The length of the petiole was found out to be more than 15 cms.
Small farmers are engaged in petite agriculture.
He submitted a leave petition to the head of the department for his acceptance.
A social organization filed a petition in the court to make wearing helmets compulsory.
The petitioner submitted his petition.
The court ordered the company to give the petitioning creditor Rs. 25, 000.
Petit mal seizures are also known as absence seizures.
A disease called as petit mal epilepsy.
Petit mal seizures take the form of a staring spell.
Petrified wood is known as the wood turned into stone
Petri dish is used for cultures in bacteriology.
Petroleum refers to a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons.
Petroleum oils are known to be the most dangerous pollutants.
The petromastoid canal had the same diameter as the cochlear aqueduct.
Petrosa is related to the petrous portion of the temporal bone.
Petrosal represent the petrous bone.
Apical petrositis can be the result of an infection of the middle ear.
The petrous apex lies at the anterior superior portion of the temporal bone.
Petrous apicitis is a bacterial infection.
Petrous bone cholesteatoma is a rare pathologic entity.
Petrous bone is also known as petrous part of internal carotid artery.
The office cashier has Rs. 10, 000 for petties.
A limit for maintaining petty - cash has been fixed.
For petty cash expenditure in the office the cashier has Rs. 10, 000 with him.
The clerk has a separate register to enter petty cash receipts.
Every office makes arrangements for petty contingent expenditure.
Petty objections of employees are sorted out by the department head.
Petty objections of employees are sorted out by the department head.
The accountant maintained a separate account for petty other works.
Peyer 's glands is also known as Peyer' s patches.
Peyer 's patches is also known as peyer' s glands.
PFK is a key on a computer that can be programmed to perform a particular operation.
PF key is a key on a computer that can be programmed to perform a particular operation.
Phacoanaphylaxis uveitis occurs in a degenerative lens capsule.
Blunt trauma has protean ocular manifestations with phacocele.
Phacomalacia refers to a soft cataract.
Phacoscope is in the form of a dark chamber.
Phaeophyceae is found out to be present in shallow water areas.
There is bacteriophage.
Phage was made to groom the culture of bacteria.
Phagedena refers to the separation of dead tissue.
Phagedenic gingivitis is also known as acute necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis.
Phagedenic gingivitis is also known as acute membranous gingivitis.
Phagedenoma refers to the lcerous tumour related to phagedena..
There is bacteriophage typing and HLA typing.
White blood cell is phagocyte in nature.
Phagocyte refers to a type of leucocyte.
The white blood cells acting as phagocyte gives immunity to organisms.
Phagocytic represents the cells capable of functioning as a phagocyte.
A phagocytosis of cells, bacteria, bits of necrosed tissue, foreign particles.
Phagocytosis is a type of feeding.
The process of phagocytosis is very important as it helps fight infections.
A phakic form.
There is phalangeal joints in the hand.
The tricho - rhino - phalangeal syndrome is an autosomal dominant inheritance.
The ungual phalanges articulate with the second.
There are 14 phalaynx in the palm.
Phallalgia is also known as phallodynia.
Phallectomy is also known as penectomy.
Phallus refer for an erect penis.
Phallitis is also known as penitis.
Native of New guinea are seen to be using phallocrypt till today.
Phalloplasty refers to the reconstruction of a penis.
Phallotomy is also known as penotomy.
Phallotreme is not to be seen in the insect anatomy.
Phallus refer to the immature penis.
The phallus is seen to be the topmost part and was disected to carry out a study on its internal structure.
Phantasm is also called as phantasma.
There is fantasy about disease caused by ghost.
Phantasy represents an illusion.
The phantom crystal is comprised of a white or colored mineral.
A phantom about disease.
Phantom is something existing in perception only.
Phantom circuit is an electrical circuit derived from two suitably arranged pairs of electrified metallic circuits or wires with one or more conductive paths.
Showing phantom profit in a business organisation will not sustain for long.
Phantom represents something that exist only in perception.
Pharbitis seed the morning glory plant.
A pharmaceutical company
Pharmaceutical refers to a medicinal drug.
Pharmaceutics is a preparation of drug dosage forms, etc.
Pharmaceutics is the discipline of pharmacy.
Pharmacist is a job in medical store.
Pharmacist is a job in pharmacy
Pharmacists practice the science of pharmacy.
Pharmacodynamics describes the efficacy of an antibiotic based on the total exposure of the pathogenic organisms to the antibiotic.
Pharmacogenetic refers to anything related to Pharmacogenetics.
Pharmacogenetic refers to genetic differences in metabolic pathways.
Pharmacognosy deals with medicinal herbs or other plants.
There is clinical pharmacologist
Pharmacologist refers to someone trained in the science of drugs.
The pharmacology is concerned with drugs, their sources, appearance, chemistry, actions, and uses.
Pharmacology include the properties of a drug.
There is indian pharmacopeia
Pharmacopeia contains standards of medicine, strength and purity, formulations.
Pharmacopoea refers to a book that contain an official list of medicinal drugs.
Pharmacopoeal refers to that belongs to Pharmacopoea.
Pharmacotherapeutics is branch of medical science
He completed his masters degree in pharmacy.
Pharmacy is also called as apothecary.
There is allopathic and ayurvedic pharmacy
Pharyngalgia is also known as pharyngodynia.
A pharyngeal tumor.
Pharyngeal Cancer has the nasopharynx which is present behind the nose and is the upper part of the throat.
Pharyngeal abscess is an abscess in the wall of the pharynx.
Pharyngeal cyst is the remnants of thyroglosssal duct.
Bluish green material was removed out from the pharyngeal ganglion by puncturing it.
Pharyngeal dysphagia is also known as oropharyngeal dysphagia.
Pharyngeal reflex is also known as gag reflex.
A pharyngectomy procedure is performed to treat cancers of the pharynx.
Pharyngemphraxis refers to the obstruction of the pharynx.
Pharyngitis is due to bacterial infection.
Pharyngitis is also referred as a sore throat.
Pharyngodynia is also known as pharyngalgia.
Pharyngoepiglottic fold is also known as lateral glossoepiglottic fold.
Pharyngoepiglottis refers to the pharynx and the epiglottis.
Pharyngoglossal include the pharynx and the tongue.
Pharyngolaryngeal is related to the pharynx and the larynx.
Pharyngolaryngectomy refers to the surgical excision of the hypopharynx and larynx.
Pharyngolaryngitis can be caused by Neisseria meningitidis.
Pharyngology represents the medical study of the pharynx and its diseases.
Pharyngomycosis refers to a lesion of a mucosa of pharynx a mushroom.
Pharyngopathy refers to the disease related to the pharynx.
Augmentation pharyngoplasty is a kind of plastic surgery for the pharynx.
pharyngoplegia is also known as pharyngoparalysis.
Pharyngorhinitis refers to the inflammation of the nasopharynx.
Pharyngoscope refers to an instrument for inspecting the pharynx.
Pharyngoscopy is the technique of placing an endoscope to view the pharynx.
Pharyngospasm is also known as pharyngismus.
Pharyngostenosis marked narrowing of the lumen of the pharynx.
Pharyngotomy is used to remove a tumor.
Acute pharyngotonsillitis is an infection which is restricted to the crypt and surface secretion.
The cartilage of pharyngotympanic tube is formed of a triangular plate of elastic fibrocartilage.
There is laryngeal pharynx, nasal pharynx, oral pharynx
The pharyngeal muscles are a group of muscles that act upon the pharynx.
The project is in the last phase of development.
Phase represents the distinct stage of any development.
The phase of swarming in locusts is dangerous to crops.
In electromagnetic theory, phase change constant is a rating for a line or medium through which a plane wave of a given frequency is being transmitted.
In electromagnetic theory, phase constant is a rating for a line or medium through which a plane wave of a given frequency is being transmitted.
The bank started a phased payment scheme for repayment of loans by poor farmers.
Phased conversion is a replacement process of the systems which is completed in phases rather than a complete transformation at one time.
Phased conversion is a replacement process of the systems which is completed in phases rather than a complete transformation at one time.
Phase decoder used for receiving and decoding phase encoded data transmitted as a plurality of bitcells.
Phase distortion is the distortion that occurs in an instrument when the relative phases of the input signal differ from those of the output signal.
Phased repayment is allowed in loans for purchase of consumer durables.
Phase encoded is a method of recording data on magnetic tape in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and it occupies the same time.
Phase encoding is a method of recording data on magnetic tape in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and it occupies the same time.
Phase encoding is widely - used in Ethernet.
Phase - frequency distortion is the distortion that occurs in an instrument when the relative phases of the input signal differ from those of the output signal.
Phase jitter that undesirably shortens or lengthens pulses intermittently during data processing or transmission.
Phase - locked loop is an electronic circuit that generates a signal that has a fixed relation to the phase of a transmitted signal.
Phase locked oscillator used as a digital computer element in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
Phase locked oscillator used as a digital computer element in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
Phase - locked subharmonic oscillator used as a digital computer element in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
Phase lock loop is an electronic circuit that generates a signal that has a fixed relation to the phase of a transmitted signal.
Phase modulation is a form of electronic modulation in which phase of the carrier signal is modulated in accordance with the message signal.
Phase modulation recording is a recording in which data is encoded in the phase of the recorded signal.
The phaseolus mungo is the main ingredient of the curry preparation.
Phaseolus radiatus is widely used in india as curry to be had with rice.
Phase shift keying is a method of digital communication where the phase of the signal is altered to carry the information to be transmitted.
Phase sums are received at the retail sale counter of the company.
The phasmid in worms is seen only in these type of species.
This is the longest phasmid found in australia.
The insects phasmida was appearing as if the leaf of the plant.
It is mentioned that phasmidia have evolved from water.
A lot of intercellular spaces can be seen in the specimen of phelloderm observed under the microscope.
The phellogen is known to be the most important part of growth and plant development.
Phenic acid belong to something that is related to phenol.
The phenogram was being prepared by the experts as the relation was to be explained.
Phenol is also called as phenyl alcohol.
The factors for phenomenal rise in profits have to be studied carefully.
The phenomenon of globalization is a product of this century.
Phenomenon represents an extraordinary thing.
A erythrocyte adherence phenomenon
A phenotype at the physical level of an individual.
A phenotype at the morphologic, or biochemical level, of an individual,
An individual of organisms exhibiting a particular phenotype.
The phenotype of the plant suchs as its flowers, seeds were compared with others.
Phenotypic classification was known to be the first method of classification.
Phenyl salicylate is also known as salol.
The honey bee has secreted pheromone due to which a lot of other bees have come out there.
Phial represents a small glass bottle.
Phiala related to a glass bottle.
Philtrum refers to the junction between the left and right upper lips.
A phimosis vaginalis
A disease of penis cured by surgery
Phimosis is a disorder in males.
Phimosis is an abnormal tightness of the foreskin.
Phlebectasia represents varicosity.
Ambulatory phlebectomy is a treatment for superficial varicose veins.
Phlebemphraxis represents venous thrombosis.
There is thrombophlebitis.
Phlebitis is usually happens in the legs.
Phlebogram is also known as venography.
Phlebograph is also known as venous sphygmograph.
Impedance phlebography is also known as impedance plethysmography.
Phleboliths are deposits that develop in the wall of a vein.
Phlebolithiasis is associated with intramuscular hemangioma.
Phlebology refers to study of medicine dealing with the study of veins.
Phlebosclerosis is also known as venosclerosis.
Phlebostasis is also known as venostasis.
Phlebostenosis is related to a tumor in a vein..
Phlebothrombosis represents a thrombosis of a vein without prior inflammation of the vein.
Phlebotomy is the act of drawing blood by any means.
Phlebotomy is used in rapid weaning.
Phlegm is a viscous liquid.
Phlegmasia cerulea dolens is a severe form of deep venous thrombosis.
Phlegmasia cerulea dolens results from extensive thrombotic occlusion.
Phlegmasia cerulea dolens occur usually in the upper leg.
Phlegmatic represents a a slow and stolid temperament.
Phlegmon is also known as cellulitis.
Phlegmonic refers to anything that develops from phlegm.
Phlegmonous abscess is characterized by an intense local inflammatory reaction.
Phlegmonous represents the nature of phlegmon.
Phleps represents the son of philip.
The stem specimen was taken to study the structure of the phloem by mounting it under a microscope.
During observation it was found that phloem parenchyma is absent in these type of stems.
Phlogistic refers to inducing inflammation.
Phlogosis represents erysipelatous inflammation.
A phlycten is type allergy to certain bacteria
Phlyctena represents a small vesicle.
Phlyctenula is also known as phlyctenule.
Phlyctenular keratitis is also known as keratoconjunctivitis.
Phlyctenular keratitis form a small red nodules of lymphoid tissue near the corneoscleral limbus.
hlyctenular ophthalmia is also known as keratoconjunctivitis.
Phlyctenular ophthalmia is also known as phlyctenular conjunctivitis.
Phlyctenule refers to a minute vesicle.
Hydrophobia is a sign of rabes.
Phobia refers to an unreasonable sort of fear.
Phobiac is also known as phobic.
Phoenix dactylifera was found out to be the oldest plant grown commercially by humans.
Phoenix sylvestris is being planted by the wine company on a huge portion of land.
Phonal related with voice.
Oscillation of vocal folds is necessary to produce phonation.
Phonation represents vocalization.
Phonatory refers to that which is related to phonation.
Phonatory represents the sound made by the vibration of vocal folds.
Phoneme is the minimally distinct sound or smallest contrastive unit in the sound system of a language.
Phonetic represents the speech sounds.
Phonetics refers to combination, description and representation of sound by written symbols
Phonetic system is the system of phonemes acknowledged or admitted in a specific language.
Phonetic system is the system of phonemes acknowledged or admitted in a specific language.
Phonic represents the speech sounds.
Phonocardiogram allows the detection of subaudible sounds produced in the heart.
Phonocardiogram is produced by a phonocardiograph.
Phonocardiograph is an electroacoustic device.
Phonocardiograph is also known as electrocardiophonograph.
The message of war was sent by the phonogram.
Phonoreceptor is used for response to sound waves.
The ear is the phonorecepto in almost all living organisms.
It is observed that phoresis is observed in this two organisms.
Phoretic association is being observed between the mites and the bees.
Phoria is also known as heterophoria.
Phorology refers to the epidemic or endemic diseases
Phospholipids are essential for the formation of cell membrane.
The presence of phosphatase is essential as it helps in nutrient absorption.
Calcium phosphate is found in bovine milk.
Phosphatic fossilization is done to preserve some extremely high - resolution microfossils.
Phosphaturia is also known as phosphoruria or phosphuria.
Phosphene refers to the sensation of light caused by excitation of the retina.
Casein is an important phosphoprotein present in milk.
Phosphorescence is a specific type of photoluminescence.
The effect of phosphorescence cannot last for a longer duration of time but when it glows it gives a beautifull effect.
Phosphorus refers to a phosphorescent substance.
Phosphorylation is observed in the process of plant photosynthesis controlled by mitochondrion.
Photalgia is also known as photodynia.
The photic zone is also known as euphotic zone.
Rhodopsin is a photoactive pigment present in retina.
Photobiotic plant cells represents the incapablilty to live without light.
Some drugs are stored in darkened glass bottles to avoid photochemical change.
Photochemical reaction is initiated by the absorption of energy in the form of light.
Photochemistry is a sub - discipline of chemistry.
Photochromic lenses may be made of glass, polycarbonate.
Photoconductor diode is a light sensor which is capable of converting light into either current or voltage.
A photocoupler can be used to control a circuit that is completely isolated from your microcontroller.
In electronics, Photodetector is a light - sensitive device which senses light or other electromagnetic energy.
In electronics, Photodevice is a light - sensitive device which senses light or other electromagnetic energy.
Photo diode is a light sensor which is capable of converting light into either current or voltage.
Night vision devices are based on photoelectric effect.
In electronics, Photoelectric detector is a light - sensitive device which senses light or other electromagnetic energy.
Photogenic represents the emitting light.
The photographed event was shown on the television.
Filmless photography is done by a digital imaging camera.
A photoisolator can be used to control a circuit that is completely isolated from your microcontroller.
Photo lithography is a printing technique in which a print is obtained from a negative and transferred to a lithographic stone.
Photo lithography is a printing technique in which a print is obtained from a negative and transferred to a lithographic stone.
Electrochemical photolysis of water is done at a semiconductor electrode.
Photomania refers to the exaggerated love for light.
Photometer is used to measure the strength of electomagnetic radiation.
A photometer can also be used to measure ambient light.
Photometry refers to the practice of using a photometer.
Photomicrographs are widely used in forensic science to record evidences.
Photomicrograph is also known as microphotograph.
Photo micrograph is a photograph taken through a microscope to show a magnified image of an item.
Photo micrograph is a photograph taken through a microscope to show a magnified image of an item.
Photo micrography is a kind of photography using a microscope.
A photoMOS can be used to control a circuit that is completely isolated from your microcontroller.
The photonastic process can be observed in the plant as it closes its flowers at night.
Photonasty can be observed in plant as it tends to bend down when kept in dark.
Photoperiod value varies from organisms to organism.
Photoperiodism can be observed in the process of photosynthesis in plants and other organisms.
Photophobia is present in albinism.
Severe photophobia may be associated with eye problems.
Photophobic refers to avoiding light.
Photopic vision is also known as photopia.
Photopsia is also known as photopsy.
Photosensive skin is marked by formation of red itchy rash upon sun exposure.
Photosensitive epilepsy are triggered by visual stimuli.
In electronics, Photo sensor is a light - sensitive device which senses light or other electromagnetic energy.
In electronics, Photo sensor is a light - sensitive device which senses light or other electromagnetic energy.
The fotostat of the original certificates should be submitted in the university.
The photostat copy has to be attested by the gazetted officer.
The photostat machine at the office was not working.
Plants prepare their food by the process of photosynthesis.
Phototherapy is used to treat seasonal affective disorder.
The phragma is seen to be present in the lake as it is rich in minerals.
Phren is also known as diaphragm.
Phrenesis represents the frenzy condition.
Phrenetic is also known as frenetic.
Phrenic nerves supply diaphragm.
Phrenic ganglion is found at the junction with the cardiac plexus.
Phrenicocolic ligament is a triangular fold of peritoneum.
The muscular phrenospasm is a symptom of potassium deficiency.
Hermaphroditism is a rare genetic abnormality.
Phrynoderma may occur as a result of malabsorption.
Salicylic acid is used in the treatment of phrynoderma.
Phrynoderma represents the dryness of the skin with follicular hyperkeratosis.
Phthinoid Bronchitis can be acute or chronic.
Phthiriasis is a common eyelid infestation.
Phthisic is a variant of phthisis.
In pulmonary tuberculosis, phthisis of lungs may cause death of the patient.
Phthisis is a common infectious disease caused by micobacteria.
Phthisis refers to the tuberculosis of the lungs.
Phthisis represents the tuberculosis.
Phthisis Laryngea is also known as Laryngitis.
Phthisis Mesenterica refers to the tuberculosis related to entrails.
Phthisis Nodosa is associated with tuberculosis.
Phthisis Pulmonalis is caused with hectic fever.
The pH values of the solution indicates that it is not suitable.
The presence of phycobilins helped the organism to absorb light.
Photosynthesis in algae is controlled by the phycocyanin.
The process of light absorption is carried out by phycoerythrin.
It is confirmed that phycomycetes is presnt on the grapes.
Phyllanthus emblica is commecially grown for the production of ayurvedic medicine.
Phyllanthus niruri is being used a smedicine for more than 2000 years.
The Phylloclade of the cactus is covered with thorns.
The phyllode of the plant is in the form of globules.
Study of phylogeny involves evolutionary ancestry of species.
Phylogeny tree helped in finding the difference in the organism structure in the span of time.
The different images of plant phylum is being drawn in the chart.
Physaliform is like a small bleb.
Physic refers to the art of healing.
Physical exercise is essential to maintain cardiac health.
Physical therapy is also known as physiotherapy.
In computer science, Physical address space is a range of physical addresses corresponding to the size of main memory in any specific computer.
Physical assets can be mortgaged for obtaining a loan from the bank.
Physical Backwardness refers to the body retardness.
Physical block is a physical area on a recording media at which data is stored.
The physical checking of the entrants at the airport is mandatory.
In Physical circuit, hardware and cable connected all devices together.
There is a supervisor over 20 labourers according to the physical control procedure in the factory.
In case of physical custody of a security by the bank, it is bank 's responsibility to take proper care of it.
The physical defect of the person are recorded in the employment form.
After separation there was physical division of property between the two brothers.
The physical education is compulsory in all the primary schools.
For entering the Police Service it is necessary to pass the physical examination.
Physical examination of the patient was carried out in the clinic.
Physical exchange of currency can be done at the Airport.
Obesity is usually associated with lack of physical fitness.
The physical fitness certificate should be submitted before joining the job.
Physical interface is a conductive device for joining electrical circuits together.
Physical layer supports the electrical or mechanical interface to the physical medium.
Physical layer supports the electrical or mechanical interface to the physical medium.
The physically handicapped people should be given extra facilities
The physically retarded child was sent to the school for special education.
Physical medicine is also known as physiatry.
Physical record is a set of adjacent data characters recorded on some storage medium.
Physical record block is a block of adjacent data characters set recorded on some storage medium.
Physical security is the protection of hardware, programs, networks, and data from serious losses or damage to an enterprise, agency, or institution.
Physical stock taking is done at the year end.
All - branches have been allotted physical targets for financing rural poor.
Physical therapy use the specially designed exercises and equipment.
A physical unit (PU) identifies a network node such as data links that supports communication sessions between logical units.
Physical verification of the documents was done by the director.
The Reserve Bank officials did a physical verification of cash in the bank treasury.
The accountant did a physical verification of imprest cash.
To check the stock in the company a physical verification of stores was done.
Physical volume is a method of allocating space on mass storage devices.
The physician advised the patient to lose weight.
She visited her physician due to low back pain.
A physician is also known as doctor of medicine.
Physicist represents the scientist trained in physics.
Physicist study a wide range of physical phenomena.
Physicochemical belong to both physics and chemistry.
Physics include physical properties, interactions, processes, laws etc.
Physiochemical involves both physiology and chemistry.
Physiognomy deals mainly with facial features.
Digestion is a physiological process.
Physiological psychology is a subdivision of biological psychology.
Physiological drought is seen in the field as the water is salty.
The fungal group is a perfect example of physiological races.
Physiologic anatomy is also known as functional anatomy.
The effect of physiologic specialzation is seen in the foliage of the wheat crop.
Physiologist studies the living organisms.
Human physiology involves the study of normal functioning of cells and organs.
Human physiology is the science of the mechanical, physical and biochemical functions.
Physiotherapeutic is also known as physical therapy.
Physiotherapy was advised to restore normal body movements after injury.
Physiotherapist is also known as physical therapist.
Physiotherapy is done through exercise, massage and other modalities.
He has the physique of an athlete.
Physometra refers to the distention of the uterine cavity with air.
Physon represents the flatulence.
The insects of physopoda are known to be parasitic in nature.
The phytoalexin is naturally produced in plants.
The garden was cleaned and phytoparasites were being destroyed.
The insect is phytophagous and affect the plant growth leading to its death.
Phytosis refers to a disease caused by infection with a fungus.
PIA is a peripheral integrated circuit providing parallel I / O interfacing capability for microprocessor systems.
Pia mater represents to the innermost of the three membranes of the brain and spinal cord.
Piano player 's is also called as piano players cramp.
Piar represents the fat view.
Pica can occur during pregnancy.
Pick and place robot is a simple robot that transfers items from one place to another place by means of point - to - point moves.
Pick and place robot is a simple robot that transfers items from one place to another place by means of point - to - point moves.
PICO is a very simple and easy - to - use text editor offering paragraph justification, cut / paste, spelling checker etc.
PICO is a very simple and easy - to - use text editor offering paragraph justification, cut / paste, spelling checker etc.
Picosecond is a measurement of time. it is one trillionth (10 ^ - 12) of a second.
In Computer Science, pictorial is an exact replica of the contents of a storage device.
In Computer Science, pictural is an exact replica of the contents of a storage device.
Picture element is the smallest discrete rectangular area of an image.
Picture specification consists of a sequence of picture characters enclosed in single or double quotation marks.
Picture tube is a large vacuum tube with a slightly curved glass surface and translates the received signal into a picture on a luminescent screen.
The director told all the employees about the new piece and bonus plan of the company.
The company had a piecemeal approach to deal with the problems.
The facilities were implemented piecemeal.
After settlement of the dispute with the dealer the company ordered for piece meal clearance of goods.
The piece meal collection of data will require its consolidation at a later stage.
A tender is not required to buy piece meal goods.
In the whole sale market the piece rate price of goods is less.
One hundred pieces of notes are tied in a packet of notes.
Contract labour is generally engaged and paid on piece wage basis.
The piece wages of workers depends upon the number of units they make.
The company gives piece work to small industries.
Ganesh is working as a piece worker in the company.
Every month a piece work record is prepared of the company 's production.
Pie chart is a graphical representation of information in which circular chart divided into sectors.
Piedra is also known as Trichosporosis.
Pie graph is a graphical representation of information in which circular chart divided into sectors.
The blood is injected out by the piercing mouthparts of the insects.
Pigeon chest is also called as pectus carinatum.
Pigeon chest is a painless harmless condition.
In mathematics, Pigeonhole principle is a theorem which states that there does not exist an injective function on finite sets whose codomain is smaller than its domain.
The farmers in this region plant pigeonpea, which acts as a source of income.
Melanin is a pigment present in skin and hair.
Dry coloring matter and an insoluble powder.
It is because of these pigment which makes the leaf look green.
Pigmentary abnormalities may be acquired or hereditary.
Abnormal pigmentation of skin occurs in Addison 's disease.
Skin pigmentation disorders affect the color of skin.
The pigmented purpuric dermatoses are a group of chronic diseases.
Some banks collect pigmy deposits from the place of work of depositors.
Pig on pork is not a policy based on consideration of development.
Pile - on means to accumulate.
Pileous is also known as hairy.
The piles that occur outside the anal verge are called external piles.
The most common symptom of internal hemorrhoids is bleeding from rectum.
Piles is also known as haemorrhoids.
The pileus of the mushroom is consumed as a good source of food.
The company appointed a guard to prevent pilferage.
He was a skilled pilferer.
The pilgrims were given special facilities.
The piliferous layer of the root specimen was observed under the microscope.
She is taking contraceptive pills since one year.
Pill referred to anything small and round for a specific dose of medicine.
Articular pillars can be seen in the vertebral column.
A pillar is also known as a column.
Pilomotor nerve cause the contraction of one of the arrectoris pilorum muscles.
A pilonidal cyst is also known as pilonidal abscess.
Flumina pilorum refers to the direction of the hair flow.
Pilosebaceous comprise of the hair follicle and its attached gland.
Pilosity is seen to be present throughout its body.
Pilot is a filmed or taped episode of a proposed television series.
The pilotage paid may be booked under developmental expenditure.
Feedback for the pilot consignment may be collected.
Pilot film is a filmed or taped episode of a proposed television series.
Pilot model is an early production model of a product.
Pilot model is an early production model of a product.
On Independence Day the pilot programme of Sarva Shikha Abhiyan was implemented.
A pilot project was prepared to showcase the main project.
A pilot scheme was started in Bihar before being implemented in all the states.
The results of pilot survey will help formulating a proper scheme.
Pilot tape is a filmed or taped episode of a proposed television series.
Pilot tape is a filmed or taped episode of a proposed television series.
Pilula represents a pill.
Pilus refers to the hair on the surface of a cell or microorganism.
Various types of pins are used in surgical treatment of bone fractures.
Pinched nerve carry information from the brain to the rest of the body.
Pinch roller is a small, freely turning wheel in a tape drive that pushes the tape against a motor - driven wheel in order to move it.
Pine is a tool for reading, sending and managing electronic messages.
The wood of the pine tree is used for the preparation of furniture items.
The pineal gland is the most enigmatic of endocrine organs.
The parasite pine cystoid nematode is widely observed in the united estates.
The pine wilt nematode is found to spread because of the presence of beetles.
Ping is a basic Internet program that allows a user to test or verify that a particular IP address exists and can accept requests.
Ping is a basic Internet program that allows a user to test or verify that a particular IP address exists and can accept requests.
Ping of Death Attack usually accomplished to crash or get to reboot the system.
A pinhole damage is being clearly visible while viewed from the microscope.
Pink disease is also known as acrodynia.
Pink - eye is also known as conjunctivitis.
Pin money depends on the social status and need of the person.
The function of pinna is to collect sound.
Pinna can be a division of a usually pinnately divided leaf.
The pinna structure is observed in the ferns plant.
The pinnate leaf of the species was found out to be more than 2 feet long.
A pinnatifid condtion is being observed in the leaf as it develops.
The leaf of the plant that is being studied by the botanist has a pinnatipartite form.
The leaf of the plant seen in the botaniocal garden is a good example of pinnatisect.
The pin nematode was seen to present in most severe winter conditions.
The tip of the pinnule is taperring towards the end and is broader at its base.
PIN number is a secret numeric password shared between a user and a system that can be used to authenticate the user to the system.
The process of pinocytosis can be observed in the organisms as a form of ingesting material.
A pint glass is a drinking vessel.
The botanist has identified as many as 115 species of the genus Pinus.
Pinworms are contagious and easily spread.
The pin worm eggs were viewed using a microscope.
The pinworm is about the length of a staple.
He is a pioneer of the water purification system.
In Unix operating systems, Pipe is a technique for passing information from one program process to another.
In Unix operating systems, Pipe is a technique for passing information from one program process to another.
Pipeline allows multiple instructions to be processed at the same time.
The pipeline burst cache is normally used for high - speed registers, caches and relatively small memory banks, like frame buffer on a display adapter.
The supply of petrol is in the pipeline will reach soon.
The items in the pipeline may be taken up for completion on priority basis.
The pipe line transactions may be finalised soon.
In computing, pipelining is a set of data processing elements connected in series.
Piper betle is being planted in many tropical regions as it a valuable crop.
Volumetric pipet is used to take the desired amount of solution accurately.
Pipet is also known as pipette.
Pipettes are commonly used in laboratory.
Piracy of software applications is a crime.
Piracy means the unauthorized and illegal copying, distribution or use of copyrighted or patented software.
Piracy means the unauthorized and illegal copying, distribution or use of copyrighted or patented software.
Pyriform is also known as piriform.
Pisciculture is the Para agriculture business.
Pisciform refers to resemble like a fish.
The pisiform bone is also called as pisiform or lentiform bone.
The pistil of the flower is beautiful and rich in color.
Both type of flowers i. e staminate as well as pistillate were seen to be found in this type of species.
The pistillode present in the flower is of no use and is just ornamental in nature.
The Pisum sativum is common and seen in a lot of household gardens.
The patient cannot hear the low - pitch sounds.
Prolonged exposure to high - pitch sounds may result in hearing impairment.
Pitch is used for waterproofing, roofing, caulking and paving.
The pitcher plant is known to survive in soils which are low on nutrients.
Pitchman delivers commercials on radio or television.
Pit fall income will boost the resources.
The pith of the plant was removed and a section was viewed under the microscope.
Pith of most flowering plants is composed mainly of parenchyma.
Pithecolobium dulce is grown along the roads as it grows rapidly and gives a lot of shade.
Pithing is done for physiologic research.
Pit of stomach is also known as epigastric fossa.
Pitting is also known as pitting corrosion.
Pituitary extract helps rebuild and re - strengthen the structure of the pituitary gland.
Pituitary fossa is also called as hypophysial fossa.
The pituitary gland is a size of a pea and tiny organ.
Pituitary gland has a major role in the regulation of many endocrine.
Pituitrin is formed in the neuronal cells of the hypothalamic nuclei.
Pityriasis rosea is also known as Pityriasis rosea Gibert.
Pityriasis alba is a common noncancerous skin condition.
Pityriasis capitis is also known as dandruff.
Pityriasis rosea is a frequent papulo - squamous disease.
Pityriasis rubra pilaris is characterized by reddish orange scaly plaques.
Other rates in foreign exchange are linked to pivotal rate.
Some cautious investors deal only in pivotals.
Price of pivotal shares set the trend in the share market.
A Pivot joint is also known as trochoid joint or rotary joint.
Place means to import a file into another file.
Place means to import a file into another file.
Place means to import a file into another file.
"PLACE" is a language that can be used by engineers to program a variety of automatic test equipment.
Placebo was administered to a group of patients.
Placebos depend on the use of controlled and measured deception.
The government has opened employment offices in all the states to provide employment to the youth.
His placement in the cadre will be as juniormost.
The placement service was provided to the passed out students by the university.
After birth of baby, placenta is shed off.
Placenta produces progesterone that maintains pregnancy.
Placenta transfers oxygen and nutrients from the mother to the fetus.
Placenta Annularis contribute to form a ring like zone.
Placental abruption is also known as abruptio placentae.
Placental insufficiency is unable to remove the toxic wastes.
Placenta membranacea is also known as placenta diffusa.
Placenta praevia is also known as low - lying placenta.
Placenta Succenturiata is a cause of ante - partum haemorrhage.
The placentation of the ovules was observed when the carpels were torn apart.
The placentha is very important part in the development of the embryo.
Ascending placentitis occurs late in pregnancy.
Placentography is done after injection of a radiopaque substance.
The place of birth has to be mentioned on the birth certificate.
Location of place of business in retail trade is important.
The place of delivery of goods / produce is invariable indicated in the invoiced documents for sale.
The place of destination has to be carefully indicated in the respective documents while goods are transported.
The place of domicile is recognised as fact of residence.
The place of work should be clean and hygienic.
Place utility of a bank branch is very important from business point of view.
Placing of new recruits will be on probation basis.
Placode refers to cranial placodes and peripheral nervous system structures.
Plagiarisation means the unauthorized and illegal copying, distribution or use of copyrighted or patented software.
Plagiarism means the unauthorized and illegal copying, distribution or use of copyrighted or patented software.
Plagiarization means the unauthorized and illegal copying, distribution or use of copyrighted or patented software.
Plagiocephaly is a type of strongly asymmetric cranial deformation.
Plague is still endemic in some parts of the world.
The pneumonic plague affects the lungs.
Bubonic plague is caused by the Gram - negative bacterium Yersinia pestis.
Plain ascii means a text file that contains only 7 - bit ASCII characters and uses only ASCII - standard control characters.
In financial terms a plain bond means a certificate of money lent.
Even a layman can understand the text with plain figure.
In cryptography, Plain text is an unformatted information because it is supported by every application on every machine.
In cryptography, Plain text is an unformatted information because it is supported by every application on every machine.
The plaintiff was called in the court for case proceedings.
Office should be furnished with plain vanilla furnishings.
The Education Minister announced a rural education plan.
A meeting was held to work out the details of the plan.
The physician explained overall treatment plan to the patient.
The mid term plan appraisal has to be conducted by a sub - committee of experts.
In graph theory, Planar embedding of the graph is a graph that can be drawn in a plane without any lines crossing.
In graph theory, Planar graph is a graph that can be drawn in a plane without any lines crossing.
In graph theory, Planar graph is a graph that can be drawn in a plane without any lines crossing.
Sagittal plane divides the body of a bilaterally symmetrical animal into right and left sections.
In graph theory, Plane graph is a graph that can be drawn in a plane without any lines crossing.
A meeting of the board of directors was called to sanction the plan equipment.
Plan expenditure was sanctioned at the board of directors meeting.
Planimeter is used by tracing the perimeter of the figure of plane.
The planned economy of a country leads it towards progress.
The planning of income tax payment should be done carefully.
He was planning to resign from the job.
Proper planning of the vaccination program resulted in its success.
Planning is a process of creating and maintaining a plan.
Planning game is a feature of the software which are combined with cost estimates provided by the programmers to determine the most important factors of the software.
The planning machinery was planted at the workshop.
Planning process is a feature of the software which are combined with cost estimates provided by the programmers to determine the most important factors of the software.
Planning process is a feature of the software which are combined with cost estimates provided by the programmers to determine the most important factors of the software.
Planoconcave lens is a negative spherical lens.
Plano - convex lens is a positive spherical lens.
The plan outlay was presented at the board of directors meeting.
The plan period of this policy is of two years.
The director planted a plant at the new site of the factory.
The Forest Minister inaugurated the Save the Forest plan by planting a plant.
The company 's new plant will start on 21st May.
A large plant was built to manufacture drugs.
Plant performs photosynthesis to obtain its nutrition.
He built a large plant to manufacture automobiles.
Planta is also known as sole.
Plantain has lower sugar content than dessert bananas.
Seeds of some plantains are used medicinally.
Necessary entry for depreciation may be passed in plant and machinery account.
There was an ulcer on the plantar surface of right foot.
Plantar fasciitis include rest, massage therapy, stretching, night splints etc.
The plantar arch is formed from deep plantar artery.
Plantar fascial fibromatosis is also known as Ledderhose 's disease.
Plantaris muscle may arise from the oblique popliteal ligament.
Plantar reflex refers to the irritation of the sole contracts the toes.
The plantation of solar generators in the office premises was encouraged.
The plantation of trees should be well planned.
Rakesh is doing research work on plant disease.
The plant load factor has to be taken into account while allowing the plan to work overcapacity.
The company maintains a plant and machinery account for each plant.
A technician has been deployed to ensure plant protection.
Plant protections methods should be displayed / demonstrated for the benefit of farmers.
Plaque can be a deposit of fibrous material in a blood vessel wall.
Blood cells are suspended in plasma of blood.
Albumin is one of the major proteins present in plasma.
Blood plasma is the yellow - colored liquid in which blood cells are suspended.
Plasmablast is the precursor of a plasma cell.
Plasmacyte is also known as plasma cell.
Plasma display is a flat - screen display in which each pixel on the screen is illuminated by a tiny bit of plasma or charged gas between two flat panels of glass.
Plasmalemma is also known as cell membrane.
The plasma membrane of the cell is being torn apart by the mechanical device.
Plasmapheresis is also known as therapeutic plasma exchange.
Plasmatic refers to the clear and yellowish fluid portion of blood.
Plasmodium falciparum is a protozoan parasite.
Plasmogenes represents the self - reproductive proteins.
The process of plasmolysis was being demonstrated artificially by using chemicals.
Plaster protects the cut from dirt or damage.
The nurse applied a plaster on his arm.
Sticking plaster is the adhesive material for covering a slight wound.
Patient with unstable fracture was immobilized in a plaster bed for four weeks.
Patient 's foot was immobilized in plaster of Paris for three weeks.
Plaster of paris is a quick - setting gypsum plaster.
The affected hand was immobilzed in a plaster slab.
Plaster spica is generally used to immobilize a limb or digit.
Plastic money has become a very popular mode of money transaction.
A plastic prosthetics was planted in his body.
Plastic surgery usually involves skin.
Pastic surgery is done by the transfer of tissue.
Plasticulture is considered a sunrise industry these days.
It is found that plastid is present in the algae after examination.
The organism has a plastron attached to it dow to which it is not easily attackd by other organisms.
Plasty represents the replacement of a part of the body.
Cartilage plates are present in walls of bronchi.
Plates and screws were used for fracture reduction and stabilization.
Plate refers to a thin piece of metal used for armor.
The muscular contraction reached plateau after ten minutes.
Platelet is also called as blood platelet or thrombocyte.
Platelets play an important role in hemostasis.
In computer science, platform is a type of operating system on which a computer or software application runs.
In computer science, platform is a type of operating system on which a computer or software application runs.
The platform ticket is generally valid for three hours.
The company entered in the year of platinum jubilee.
Platycephalus comes in the family of Platycephalidae.
Platyhelminthes are the lowest of the worms.
Platypellic have a pelvic index of 89. 9 or less.
Platyrrhine refers to a broad flat nose.
The sitar player was applauded by the audience.
The player was awarded man of the match award.
There are many reputed players in the Indian Cricket team.
The friends decided to meet at the plaza.
The judge rejected the convict 's plea for mercy.
The judge rejected the convict 's plea for mercy.
The lawyer presented a plea in defence of his client.
After hearing the sentence the accused pleaded for mercy.
The pleaders were waiting for the patron to come.
Seing all the evidence against him the accused pleaded guilty.
It gives me great pleasure to introduce the guest speaker.
To hold a plebiscite on the future government is very important.
The insects of plecoptera are widely being used by the fisherman to aid them in catching fish.
Ramesh has pledged his house to take a loan.
To take a loan the farmer pledged his farm to the bank.
The pledgee promised to repay the loan in instalments.
The pledger took the signature of the pledgee on the document.
Pledget is made of cotton gauze.
This council has plenary powers to terminate the employee.
The first plenary conference of water scientists will be held here.
The first plenary session of the committee will be conducted in this week.
Pleocytosis refers to an increased cell count.
Pleomorphic adenoma is a benign neoplastic tumor of the salivary glands.
Pleomorphism can be seen in some bacteria.
Pleomorphism refers to the process of polymorphism.
The plerome is known to be the most important component carrying out plant growth.
Plethora represents an overfullness.
Pethoric refers to florid or red - faced condition.
Pulmonary plethysmograph can be used to measure total lung capacity.
Penile plethysmography is also known as phallometry.
Pulmonary plethysmographs are used to measure the functional residual capacity of the lungs.
Complex plethysmometry is found in the venous pathology of the lower extremities.
Visceral pleura is not sensitive to pain.
The pleura is made up of two layers of tissue.
Pleural cavity is the body cavity that surrounds the lungs
Pleural cavity is also known as pleural space.
Very small amounts of pleural fluid are present in the pleural spaces.
Pleural fremitus results from the rubbing together of the roughened inflamed opposing surfaces of the pleura.
Pleuralgia: pain is caused by inflammation of the muscles between the ribs.
A pleurectomy is done to treat mesothelioma.
Pain in pleurisy increases with deep breathing or coughing.
Pleurisy leads to chest pain during cough.
The pleurite was seen to be absent in one specimen whereas it was very small in the other.
PPleuritic chest pain is caused by pneumonia, pericarditis etc.
The pleurococcus algae is found out to be most abundantly present across the globe.
Pleurodynia is also called as Bornholm Disease.
Pleurogenic is also known as pleurogenous.
Pleurohepatitis refers to the hepatitis with inflammation near the pleura.
Nocardiosis is associated with a giant pleurolith secondary to a long - standing oleothorax.
In the arthropod pleuron is seen to be divided between internal and external.
Pleuropericarditis refers to the inflammation that involves the pleura and the pericardium.
Contagious bovine pleuropneumonia is also known as lung plague.
Pleuropulmonary blastoma is a childhood lung tumor.
Pleurothotonus is also known as Pisa syndrome.
Pleurotomy is also known as thoracotomy.
Choroid plexectomy refers to the reduction of cerebrospinal fluid production in the ventricles of the brain.
Blood vessels supplying the region are having plexiform appearance.
The outer plexiform layer is also known as external plexiform layer.
External plexiform layer is a layer of neuronal synapses in the retina of the eye.
Brachial Plexitis is also known as Parsonage turner syndrome.
There is an extensive plexus of veins in the pelvic region.
The celiac plexus is also known as the solar plexus.
The vessels of the plexus were blocked which caused irregular fluid flow.
There is a plexus of nerves located in the axillary region.
Fold of skin and muscular tissue in the axillary region is called plica axillaris.
Plica Syndrome is also known as Synovial plica syndrome.
Plica can be observed at the place of joint in the specimen being examined.
Plica fimbriata is present on either side of the frenulum.
Plica lacrimalis is also known as lacrimal fold.
Picae palmatae is also known as palmate folds.
Pica polonica is present with a sticky moist mass.
Plica semilunaris refers to the vertical fold of conjunctiva.
Plica spiralis ductus cystici is also known spiral fold of cystic duct.
It is observed to having a plicate structure.
Plication refers to any any operation that involves folding.
Plica triangularis is also known as triangular fold.
The plinth area of the office is 5, 000 sq. ft.
PLL is an electronic circuit that generates a signal that has a fixed relation to the phase of a transmitted signal.
PLO used as a digital computer element in which the oscillation represents a binary digit.
The cell is found out to be ploidy.
Plombage is a treatment for tuberculosis.
plot is a graphical technique for presenting a data set drawn by hand or produced by a mechanical or electronic plotter.
Plotter is a computer output device that draws graphs on paper by moving pens according to directions from the computer.
Plotter is a computer output device that draws graphs on paper by moving pens according to directions from the computer.
Plotting is a graphical technique for presenting a data set drawn by hand or produced by a mechanical or electronic plotter.
Plotting head is capable of producing uniform line intensity at any plotting speed.
Ploughing back of funds has paid rich dividend in expansion of business and enhancement of profit.
Ploughing back of funds has paid rich dividend in expansion of business and enhancement of profit.
Ploughing back of profits has reduced dependence on external borrowings.
In severe asthma, occlusion of the airways is common due to mucous plugs.
Plugboard is a board containing a matrix of sockets used to program a machine.
Plugboard chart is a printed chart of the sockets in a plugboard.
Plugboard chart is a printed chart of the sockets in a plugboard.
Plugboard computer containing a matrix of sockets used to program a machine.
Plugging chart is a printed chart of the sockets in a plugboard.
Plugging chart is a printed chart of the sockets in a plugboard.
Plumbago is also known as Leadwort.
Plumbism is also known as lead poisoning.
Plumbum represents the lead.
The plumule of the plant was seen after the seed was kept in water overnight.
The burglars ran away plundering the property.
Pleural rub is commonly heard in pleurisy.
Pluriglandular refers to the kind of the glands.
Pluripara refers to as multiparous.
Induced pluripotent stem cells are pluripotent stem cell.
Cervous system contain the fibers of large plurisegmental interneurons.
The company 's plus and minus ratio was prepared.
At the time of audit all plus and minus entries of the company were checked.
PM is a form of electronic modulation in which phase of the carrier signal is modulated in accordance with the message signal.
PM is a regular inspection of computer hardware for the purpose of maintaining equipment and prevent the failure of equipment before it actually occurs on a regularly scheduled basis.
A PMMU solves the problem of fragmentation of memory.
Pneumarthrosis refers to the presence of air in a joint.
Pneumatic refers to the cavities filled with air.
Pulmonary pneumatoceles are thin - walled, air - filled cysts.
Pneumatology is the branch of theology.
Pneumatophore allows access to the atmosphere in submerged plant.
Pneumatosis intestinalis represents the gas in the bowel wall.
Pneumaturia is also known as bubbles in the urine.
Pneumo refers to filled air or gas into any organ.
Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine is used against invasive pneumococcal infection.
Pneumococcemia refers to presence of pneumococci in the blood.
Pneumococcosis refers to the infection with that of pneumococci.
Pneumococcosuira refers to any capsular substance inside the urine.
Pneumococcus is also known as Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Pneumoconiosis refers to the dust in the lungs.
Pneumodilation refers to dilation related to lungs.
Pneumoencephalogram is also known as encephalogram.
Pneumoencephalography is done to improve contrast.
Pneumogastric nerve is also known as vagus nerve.
Pneumogram is also known as pneumatogram.
Pneumograph is used to measure the volume change during respiration.
Pneumography is also known as spirography.
Pneumolith is also known as pulmolith.
Pneumolithiasis refers to the presence of concretions in the lungs.
Pneumonolysis represents either of two surgical procedures to permit collapse of a lung.
Pneumomediastinum is also known as mediastinal emphysema.
Pneumomycosis is also known as pneumonomycosis.
Pneumon represents the lung.
Right pneumonectomy was performed in the patient.
Pneumonectomy is also known as pneumectomy.
Pneumonia can be caused by microorganisms or irritants.
Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung.
In pneumonic plague, the bacteria begin to multiply within the lungs.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis is also called as extrinsic allergic alveolitis.
Pneumonomycosis is also known as pneumomycosis.
Pneumonopathy represents any lung disease.
Pneumopericardium can be congenital or carried by a wound.
The cause of pneumoperitoneum is a perforation of the abdominal viscus.
Pneumopleuritis can be caused by radiations.
Pneumoradiography is also known as pneumography.
Pneumothorax may lead to collapse of the lung.
Secondary spontaneous pneumothorax occurs with a wide variety of parenchymal lung diseases.
Pneumoventriculography is also known as pneumoencephalography.
There is a poaching guard around the godown.
Pock represents a pustule in an eruptive disease.
The pocket calculator is very useful for basic calculations.
The pocket dairy can be used to note down postal addresses.
Pock - mark represents a small pit on any surface.
Beans and peas are pod of leguminous plant.
Podagra refers to a severe pain in the foot.
Podalgia is also known as pododynia or tarsalgia.
Podalic belong to the feet.
Podalic version is a type of an obstetric procedure.
Pod borer affect the yield.
Podiatry is also known as chiropody.
Section of a podite of an arthropod.
Podocyte is also known as visceral epithelial cell.
Podogram refers to an imprint that helps in tracing of the sole.
A species of Lobohalacarus is devoid of setae in first podomere.
Pogonion is also known as mental point.
Poikilocyte represents an abnormally shaped erythrocyte.
Poikilocytosis refers to the presence in the blood of poikilocytes.
Poikilothermic is also known as cold - blooded.
The flowers of Poinciana regia are orange in color.
Poinsetia is mainly grown as ornamental plant.
The point is the basic geometric element.
We will meet in the evening at this point.
Point represents the grade mark.
The point of maximum tenderness was located in the epigastrium.
Point represents a sharp end.
Point refers to a mark or dot used in printing or writing.
Pointer symbol displayed on the computer screen and can be used to locate a specific point or object on the screen, to select and move objects.
Pointer symbol displayed on the computer screen and can be used to locate a specific point or object on the screen, to select and move objects.
Pointer variable is a variable that contains the memory location of another variable or an array.
Pointer variable is a variable that contains the memory location of another variable or an array.
Point estimation is the process of determining a single estimated value of a parameter in a given data.
Point estimation is the process of determining a single estimated value of a parameter in a given data.
Pointing device is an input interface which allows a user to input spatial data to a computer.
Point light source is an infinitely - small light - emitting point.
The point of order should be tackled carefully.
The point of origin of the entry has to be located for the purpose of reconciliation.
The point of purchase as suggested is approved.
The point of sale of the imported sugar at cheaper rate will be ration shop.
Point - of - sale terminal is an electronic device which interacts with a computer file to approve transactions and transmits sales informations.
The speaker gave permission to discuss the point raised by the opposition party.
In a point rating scale a number is selected which is considered to reflect the prescribed quantity of something.
Point sampling is an algorithm is used to map a screen pixel to the corresponding point on the texture map.
Point sampling is used for texture mapping.
The director highlighted the points of interest at the meeting.
The credit point system gradation is not clear to me.
In telecommunication, Point to point refers to a connection between two endpoints.
In telecommunication, Point - to - point refers to a connection between two endpoints.
Point - to - point adjustment may leave no scope for omission of any entry.
Point to point connection is a data network circuit with one control and one tributary.
Point to point connection is a data network circuit with one control and one tributary.
Point - to - point connection is a data network circuit with one control and one tributary.
Point to point network is a network in which a physical communication path exists between two end - systems with no other devices involved.
In networking, Point to point protocol is a data - link protocol for communication between two computers that use a serial interface.
Point wise is used to indicate that a certain property is defined by considering each value f (x) of some function f.
Arsenic is a poison that can be fatal to human beings.
Poison was consumed by the person in order to commit suicude.
Poison bait is used to control pest.
The mosquito is mainly responsible for the Poisoned Wound.
The patient was suffering from chronic lead poisoning.
The snake bite has a Poisoning property which if not medicated in time can lead to death.
Food Poisoning was seen in the food which was left open for more than a week.
Poison envy is a plant which is widely used in production of harmfull chemicals.
Poison nut is the main component of this homeopathic drug.
Poison oak traces were found in the eastern coast.
The fluid when added with this chemical is poisonous.
Polar diagonisis the method which is better practical value.
Experiment was carried out on the water molecule to check out if it is polar or not.
Polar body disintegrates after a time period.
In mathematics, Polar coordinate is a two - dimensional coordinate system which locate a point in a plane by its distance from a fixed point.
In mathematics, Polar form means a number comprising a real number and an imaginary number.
Polarisation is an electromagnetic radiation which describes the orientation of wave 's oscillations.
Polarization is an electromagnetic radiation which describes the orientation of wave 's oscillations.
Polarization is an electromagnetic radiation which describes the orientation of wave 's oscillations.
Polar keying is a telegraph signal in which circuit current flows in one direction for spacing.
Polar transmission is a method of signaling in teletypewriter transmission which indicates a mark, a space or a no - signal condition.
Adrenal gland is situated at the upper pole of the kidney.
Axon arises from one pole of the neuron.
The pole of the organ was kept on the reference points inorder to sketch an outline of the organ.
There was a large police force at the venue of the cricket match.
Police inquest was in progress about the child 's sudden death in hospital.
A meeting was held to decide the company policy.
Policy broker is a knowledgeable person in insurance matters.
The policy decision has to be taken by the board of directors.
The company issued office policy direction for employees.
Policy guidelines in banking matters are issued by RBI.
The policy holder should pay the policy premiums on time.
The meeting of the policyholders council is held in January every year.
Incentives are provided for policy induced savings.
Entries in policy loan ledger are to be checked regularly.
Policy of insurance has to be surrendered at the time of maturity of the policy for getting payment.
Policy of survivor is generally issued in joint names.
Mr. Chaudhary has done 2 lakh rupees worth policy of survivorship assurance.
The policy statement issued after the cabinet meeting.
Polioencephalitis was repoted to be seen in the infant which led to unconsciousness.
Poliomyelitis is caused by infection with a enterovirus known as poliovirus.
Poliomyelitis has been reduced in the country by making the vaccine common.
Poliomyelitis is a highly contagious disease.
Polio vaccine is administered in children to prevent occurrence of poliomyelitis.
Poliosis along with other disorders were observed in the patient.
Poliovirus Vaccine is being given free of cost in most of the health care centers.
Polish notation is a form of notation for logic, arithmetic, and algebra.
The political decisions should not be guided by emotions.
He was very famous because of his political activity.
The political affairs generally appear on the front page of the newspaper.
The government should not tolerate the political interference of parties in the national affairs.
The leader of the party was under the political pressure when he resigned.
The political sufferers are given help by the particular parties.
The poll was conducted by public leader.
In computer science, Polled operation is a technique to check the status of an input line, sensor or memory location and makes requests for data from another device.
He is allergic to the Pollens of the flowers, due to which he sneezes continously.
Pollen is a reproductive structure of plant that are produced in anthers of flowers.
Pollen basket is adapted to carry pollen.
Germination of pollen takes place in pollen chamber.
Pollen grain are transported to the pistil by various means.
Pollenosis was observed in the patient as he was allegic to flowers.
Pollen are produced in the pollen sac of the mature anther.
After pollination pollen tube is formed from the pollen grain.
The pollex of the person was badly injured in the accident.
Pollex Pedis is being treated for a bone fracture.
Pollination occurs by various means.
The unexpected leaders were chosen in polling.
In computer science, Polling is a technique to check the status of an input line, sensor or memory location and makes requests for data from another device.
The presiding officer was in charge of the polling booth.
The polling officer was supervising the people on election duty.
The polling station was under tight police security.
Pollinium are transferred as a whole.
Poll tax is a type of tax not very popular.
Pollutant pollutes air, water or soil.
Smoke from the factories resulted in polluted air.
The most common reason of polluted water is disposal of human excreta in it.
The pollution is harmful to life on the earth.
Pollution is increasing day by day on account of rise in industrialisation.
Polus of the organ was being held by clips inorder to disect it for examination.
The elements of the polyatomic ion were found out.
The binding of a poly A tail to the RNA molecules.
Polyadelphous belongs to a class Polyadelphia.
The disease Polyadenitis was associated with anaemic problems.
Polyandrous flowers have many stamens.
The polyandry is usually not practiced in India.
The pattern of polyandry in Asparagales.
Autoimmunity plays an important role in polyarteritis.
Person died after suffering for a long period from Polyarteritis.
The causes of Polyarteritis Nodosa were not known and research is in progress.
Polyarthralgia is quite commonly found in this age group.
The person being examined is Polyarthric, he is suffering from great pain.
Polyarthritis can be seen in rheumatoid arthritis.
The patient is showing signs of Polyarthritis and has to be treated as soon as possible.
Polyblast Is one of the main component of our body defence system.
Polycarpellary flowers have many capels.
Polydactyly is a congenital anomely.
In polychasium the younger flowers are produced laterally.
Polycholia is an abnormal condition and has to be treated withproper medication.
The tablet is a Polychrest, and can be taken by all age groups.
The degree of Polychromasia being observed in the patient is not normal and can lead to problems.
The light is said to be Polychromatic.
Polychromatophilia is an abnormal condition and has to be treated as soon as identified.
He is the doctor practicing in that polyclinic.
The condition of Polycoria is rarely seen to exist.
Polycyesis is a condition which is very rare.
The ovary was examined and it was seen that it is polycystic.
Polycythemia is associated with increased risk of thrombus formation.
Polycythemia got slowly developed in the individual without showing any symptoms.
The polycytous intestine of nematode have cuboidal cells.
Polydactyl people are said to be lucky and is a rare condition.
Polydipsia is one of the symptoms of hyperglycemia.
The person is drinking a lot of fluid as he is suffering from polydipsia.
In polyembryony, embryo splits into two or more embryo.
The treatment of Polyemia is being handled by the senior most doctor.
Polygalactia is present in the individual since birth.
The polygamy can be seen in Muslim religion.
Polygenesis is explained seperately by science and religion.
A polygenic trait depends on several different genes.
In geometry, Polygon is a closed plane figure bounded by three or more line segments. If all sides and angles are equivalent, the polygon is called regular.
In geometry, Polygonal shape is a closed plane figure bounded by three or more line segments. If all sides and angles are equivalent, the polygon is called regular.
In computer graphics, Polygon clipping is a basic operation to create graphic outputs.
The polygraph is used as an interrogation tool in some countries.
Polygraph is widely used as lie detectors.
The model is in the form of a polyhedral
The envelope of most viruses are polyhedron.
Polyhedral virus cause polyhedrosis in insect larvae.
Polyhydramnios was seen in the lady when she was 3 weeks pregnant.
The person having Polymastia looks very weird.
The causes of the woman suffering from polymenorrhea is still unknown.
Polymerase chain reaction produces millions of copies of specific DNA.
Polymerism is being carried out to find the interraction between the genes.
Polymorphism is being observed in these family of species and it is natural.
Many molecules shows polymorphism.
The blood cell is observed to exhibit Polymorphonuclear property.
The shpae of Polymorphous organisms was different from last time.
He is not well let him sleep as he is suffering from Polymyalgia.
Polymyalgia Rheumatica was misunderstood for another disease and hence medicine was not usefull.
Structure of a polymyarian muscle cells.
The skin rash observed is due to Polymyositis.
Only after diagonisis it was confirmed that he was suffering from polyneuralgia.
Polyneuritis can be seen in severe uncontrolled diabetes.
Polyneuritis has stopped him from taking part in th sports event.
Polyneuropathy may be the side effect of some systemic illness.
This tablet is know to give relief from the pain in person suffering from Polyneuropathy.
Polynomial is an arithmetic expression which is used to form polynomial equations.
Polynomial is an arithmetic expression which is used to form polynomial equations.
In computer science, Polynomial time refers to the running time which is a required by a computer or machine to evaluate the algorithm.
In computer science, Polynomial time algorithm refers to the running time which is a required by a computer or machine to evaluate the algorithm.
In computer science, Polynomial time algorithm refers to the running time which is a required by a computer or machine to evaluate the algorithm.
Polyoncosis is being observed in the liver of the examined patient.
Polyonychia in this case is a birth defect.
Polyopia can be corrected permanently by carrying out a surgery.
A polyp present in the nose was obstructing the passage of air.
Polyp has to be surgically removed as it has grown big.
Polypectomy is widely practised by almost all the doctors in this hospital.
A protein is a polypeptide.
The condition of polypetalae occurs in corolla of a rose.
Corolla of a rose is polypetalous.
He was not like this before, Polyphagia has made him eat more.
Polyphagous insects eats different kind of food.
Insects are polyphagy.
Today doctors are more inclined to the Polypharmacy technique of treating.
Polyphase merge sort is an algorithm which reduces the number of intermediate files. Once the groups are sorted, they are merged into a final sorted sequence.
The vocaslist has a polyphonic ability while talking.
Most of the organisms of these species is Polyphyletic.
A polyphyllous calyx is many leaved.
He used to play very good football before getting affected from Polyplegia.
A polyploid cell contains more than twice the haploid number of chromosomes.
Polypod larva are usually caterpillars.
Polypoid was been detected during a routine sonography.
Polypoly is a system of marketing strategy.
The risk in the surgical treament of polyposis is more.
Agarose is a polysaccharide.
Polysepalous flowers have separate sepals.
Its more than a year for his treatment as he is suffering from polyserositis.
You have to keep in mind that the headache is due to poolysinusitis.
Polysome is a complex of ribosomes and mRNA.
The site marked in red on the figure is the area more prone to Polytendinitis.
In Polythelia the extra nipple has no defined functions and is useless.
Comparison of polytrophic egg tube with meroistic egg tube.
Polytypic varieties have different forms.
The subspecies of a polytypic species are distinct from one another.
Diabetes insipidus is associated with polyuria.
He is asked to drink less water as he is suffering from Polyuria.
The vaccine plays a vital role acting as a Polyvalent.
An apple is an example of a pome fruit.
Pomegranate is a red juicy fruit having great nutritional value.
He is not able to worwok in his farm as he is suffering from pompholyx.
Pons present below the mid brain was removed for the purpose of experimentation.
The diagram of the ear clearly depicts the ponticulus.
Several ghranules were clearly visible in the pontine nucleus.
The pool of cars was coming from the front side.
Pool of blood detected inside the body is due to some external forces and has to be rectified.
Pool area marketing is to avoid unhealthy competition.
By adopting pool base lending, lenders share the risk in big size projects.
Quotas from pool fertilizers are fixed for each state according to their requirements.
The raw material was sent back as it was of poor quality.
Poor off take of goods has led to price reduction in the market.
In computer science, Pop is an application - layer Internet standard protocol which is used to allow users to download their email to their computer from the mail server.
In computer science, POP3 is an application - layer Internet standard protocol which is used to allow users to download their email to their computer from the mail server.
The acciden has torn apart the popliteal vein.
In the diagram Popliteal Vein is marked in red color.
Popliteus is injured in this process but can be treated at home.
Poppy is mainly grown for its ornamental value.
The population of a given area also depends upon environmental factors.
The population density is a population in a unit area.
Population dynamics deals with the growth of a population.
Population explosion results in shortage of basic needs like water and food.
The population trends should be studied by the government.
Pop - up menu is a graphical user interface which can be set to appear when a specified mouse button is pressed in a window.
Pop - up menu is a graphical user interface which can be set to appear when a specified mouse button is pressed in a window.
In web browser, Popup window is a small window which is displayed on top of the existing windows on screen.
Percussion is used primarily to assess the condition of the thorax.
The fluid is seeped in by the pore which is a normal process.
Pore canal in insects secretes wax.
Porencephalia is a very rare disease, and you are my first patient suffering from this.
Banana is a perennial plant.
The waterry fluid is absorbed through the poriform.
Dont worry Porosis is a temporary problem and can be treated.
Spongy bone tissues is found out to be porous after examining it properly.
Since Porrigo is contagious you should keep away from children and patients.
It is seen for years that Porrigo Capitis is very difficult to treat.
Ports are used mostly in treatment of hematology patients.
In computer science, Port processed data sequentially and created an interface between data terminal equipment and data - communications equipment.
In computer science, Port processed data sequentially and created an interface between data terminal equipment and data - communications equipment.
The Porta of the liver was blocked which was the main reason of his death.
In computer science, Portability is a characteristic or feature to be able to reuse the existing code instead of creating new code to make the computer program run in the new environment.
A laptop is a portable device.
Portable data entry is an electronic device which is used to enter or retrieve and contained numerical and code data via wireless transmission.
Portable data terminal is an electronic device which is used to enter or retrieve and contained numerical and code data via wireless transmission.
The speed of work in the factory has increased by using portable weighing machine.
The surgery involving Porta Hepatis was very complicated and had to be performed by a seniormost doctor.
Portal vein enters the liver through porta hepatis.
Inflammation of the portal vein was observed in the examined patient.
Portal circulation supplies blood to the liver.
Portal Circulation was checked in the indian patients.
Portal Hypertension was detected in the 8 out of 10 child patients.
The Portal System of the human is being studied.
The problem is due to the blockage in the Portal Vein.
From the eamination it is found that the reason is the narrowing of the Portal Vein.
Certain documents are required to be examined before port clearance is obtained.
Porterage is charged for loading and unloading goods from the ship.
Investment portfolio of the banks contain some very impressive shares.
Portfolio advance section of the bank is headed by a senior officer.
Portfolio advance section of the bank is headed by a senior officer.
Portfolio analysis has to be conducted by an investment expert.
The portfolio behaviour cannot be predicted it depends on may factors.
The portfolio behaviour cannot be predicted it depends on many factors.
Portfolio investment decisions are taken by the finance committee.
Portfolio management is a specialised job requiring indepth market knowledge.
Portfolio management package means the unique collections of strategy service.
The portfolios of the elected ministers will be declared soon.
In computer science, Porting is a characteristic or feature to be able to reuse the existing code instead of creating new code to make the computer program run in the new environment.
The vissible Portio of the crevix has to be treated as soon as possible.
The paralysis of Portio Dura was on account of the person meeting with an accident.
He has ordered for 3 Portion of rice with dal.
The Portio Vaginalis was observed to be swollen and has required immediate treatment.
The disputes are to be filed at the port of jurisdiction.
Port of destination is clearly indicated in the documents.
Cargo is not allowed to proceed beyond port of discharge.
Details of port of embarkation are recorded in the documents with shipment.
The bone Portogram was necessary to find out the fractured bone.
In computer science, Portrait is a kind of positioning of a page.
In computer science, Portrait is a kind of positioning of a page.
The company sent 10 boxes to Mumbai for port shipment.
The local port trust looks after the affairs of the port.
The skin is found out to be a Porus layer emitting water.
The ear has a Porus structure which is filled with waxy substance.
POS is an electronic device which interacts with a computer file to approve transactions and transmits sales informations.
POSET is a set on which a partial order is defined.
The position of India at the international circuit is very sound.
The position for this electronic gadget should be built separately.
The positin of the person should be erect inorder to appear tall.
The Position of the bones had be be properly made by the experimenting students.
The patient was placed in supine position.
In computer science, Position tree is a data structure which presents the suffixes of a given string.
The company shows positive signs in the share market.
Malaria test showed that he was Positive.
It was found that Positive Accommodation was slower in this condition.
The positive discrimination may lead to heighten the competitive sprits.
The positive growth rate in the economy is likely to continue during the next fiscal.
Main branch of root is positively geotropic.
Most of the flowers and leaves are positively heliotropic.
Roots are positively hydrotropic.
Condition of Positive Scotoma can be seen in the patient after opertaion.
The person who has a Positive Sputum has to be isolated from children.
Positive supply shock will adversely affect the interests of domestic manufacturers.
He is the head of the department carrying out Posological studies.
Posology as career option is being opted my a lot of youngsters.
The big company possesses the smaller company after buying 70% of its shares.
As Mr. Gupta could not repay the loan the bank now has possession of his factory.
Under possession lien the lender has no right to sell the property / goods unless authorised by specific law or order of the competent authority.
Under possession lien the lender has no right to sell the property / goods unless authorised by specific law or order of the competent authority.
The possession title is not absolute but with certain limitations / conditions.
The possession title is not absolute but with certain limitations / conditions.
Disclosing your password to other employees can result in possibilities of abuse.
Mr. Mehta is working at the post of senior accountant.
To increase security police posts have been put up at all Highways.
The clerk sent the documents to head office by post.
Post all inward remittances in a separate register.
The octroi post is situated at the outskirts of the entry point of the city.
Post offices in India have a vast network.
Post the ledger account on daily basis.
Post all transactions to the proper head of account.
Post two new recruits in the establishment section as accounts assistant.
A post may be a place where off market share transactions take place in shares.
The Post - operation medication and theraphy is being given to the patient.
A lot of Post - abortal discomfort is seen in the women due to blood collection.
Mr. Desai has been appointed at an adhoc post of an assistant.
The postage should be paid in cash.
All postal expenditure is entered in the postage account.
On Childrens Day a postage stamp of Pandit Nehru was released by the postal department.
On Childrens Day a postage stamp of Pandit Nehru was released by the postal department.
Postage stamp (postal stamp) is printed and issued by the postal department of Govt. of India.
Candidates have to fill in the postal address in the application form.
The postal authorities were on strike.
The postal ballot was given to every voter.
People find it safe to invest in postal certificates.
People find it safe to invest in postal certificates.
The postal dak was delivered by the postman.
Postal Insurance premium can be paid in any post office.
The postal department has started a postal life insurance policy scheme.
The allerg is Post - anaesthetic as he was allergic to the drug used.
This can be treated only by conducting a surgery on the Post - anal part.
The post and telegraphs department issued a special postal ticket on the 50th Independence Day.
Post audit the price of the company 's shares has increased.
Post audit the price of the company 's shares has increased.
The post audit report was presented to the organizational committee.
The small leg thumb is located Post - axial on the leg.
The postbag was full of postage.
Position of post bill may be reconciled in all accounts.
The medicine is Post - cebum and has to taken with a lot of water.
The infection of the organ damaged by accident is Post - central.
She was instructed to take the tablets post cibum.
The bleeding in the teenager is Post - coital and is not very serious.
All the shareholders of the company were sent a post copy of the company 's balance sheet.
Isthmus is present between metacorpus and postcorpus.
Small investors may well keep away from share market in a post crash high stage.
Earning capacity of small farmers has considerably improved post credit.
The company gave the dealer 4 post dated cheques for the payment of goods.
The company gave Rakesh a post dated appointment letter.
For repayment of his home loan Mr. Mehta gave the bank 36 post dated cheques.
The fever in the patient is post - diphtheritic and is not due to any other reason.
All field supervisors have been asked to conduct post disbursement loan utilisation in their areas.
During post embryogenesis adult specific features are developed.
Neurons in the adult brain developed during post emryonic development.
Neurons in the adult brain developed during post emryonic development.
Brain swelling continued to be seen Post - encephalitic and had to be treated immediately.
Most of the examined patients suffered from a Post - epileptic ache in the head.
Poster is a printed placard which is designed to be posted in some public place for advertise or publicize something.
Poster is a printed placard which is designed to be posted in some public place for advertise or publicize something.
She is having pain in posterior part of the leg.
The pain is felt at the Posterior part of the back.
The posterior part is the tail end of the animal.
The posterior border of the both lungs is thick and ill defined.
The liquid from the Posterior Chamber was found out to be transparent.
Artificial watery liquid was being injected into the Posterior Chamber.
The blockage of the Posterior Nares led to his death.
Posterior Staphyloma was observed only through a high resolution MRI scan.
Posterior tentorial arms is present in the head capsule of an insect.
POS terminal is an electronic device which interacts with a computer file to approve transactions and transmits sales informations.
The damage is towards the Posterolateral part of the body.
In case of some expenditure required to be incurred urgently it may be regularised by obtaining post facto sanction.
The project was given the post facto sanction.
The condition of Post - febrile is very found to be very rare.
In computer science, Postfix is a mail transfer agent (MTA) for operating systems like Unix.
Post fix notation is a way of writing algebraic expressions in which the numbers precede the operation.
In computer science, Postfix traversal is a process of visiting each node in a tree data structure in which it visits the root last.
The nerve fibers arising from a ganglion are called postganglionic fibers.
The injury is Post - ganglionic and treatment is to be carried out at the earliest.
The post graduate degrees are offered in all the universities.
In rural areas post harvest technology has to be developed locally to suit the needs of a particular area.
Posthioplasty is found out ot be more accurate and reliable process.
During Posthitis skin of the penis has to be properly cleaned with soap and clean water.
The soldier was given the posthumous award.
The new born child is Posthumous as his mother died after the delivery.
The posthumous award was presented to the soldiers.
Pestilence caused thousands of deaths in that region.
Each post in account has to be checked by the accountant.
Mr. Rangnathan has been posted to Mumbai as senior manager.
Mr. Desai is going to Delhi on posting as director.
Posting of all documents which are going out of the office is done in the outward register.
Posting of an officer is decided by HR department of the bank.
Posting in ledger is a simple job.
Posting of letters may be done after affixing requisite postal stamps.
Posting of all general ledger entries may be completed as early as possible.
Mr. Subhash has received a posting order to Mumbai as director.
The posting procedure for clerks has started in the office.
Mr. Subhash has received a posting transfer order to Mumbai as director.
Postmaster is a maintenance person or administrator of a mail server where errors in e - mail processing are directed.
The Post - menopausal bleeding is due to the cancer.
Stiffening of muscles is one of the postmortem changes.
Post - mortem is carried out in cases of unnatural death.
The foetus obtained from Postmortem Delivery was 8 months old.
Postmortem examination revealed subdural haemorrhage.
Post - mortem Examination revealed that the person was poisoned by a snake venom.
The post mortem examination may reveal the cause of death.
The Post - nasal infection is due to the presence of bacteria.
She was in the hospital for postnatal care.
The Post - natal infection can be seen in the place where operation was carried out during deliver of the child.
Postnatal care of the child involves proper nutrition through breastfeeding.
Post obit bond is not in currency as a popular mode.
The post office box was full of letters.
People find it safe to invest in post office certificates.
In computer science, Post office protocol is an application - layer Internet standard protocol which is used to allow users to download their email to their computer from the mail server.
In computer science, Post Office Protocol is an application - layer Internet standard protocol which is used to allow users to download their email to their computer from the mail server.
In computer science, Post Office Protocol is an application - layer Internet standard protocol which is used to allow users to download their email to their computer from the mail server.
He was treated for postoperative hypotension.
Post - operative pain is observed soon after the surgery and can be controlled by taking medicines.
Post - operative Atelectasis was seen in the infant deliverd by the woman.
His postoperative care involves use of crutches for one month.
In computer science, Post order traversal is a process of visiting each node in a tree data structure in which it visits the root last.
The breathing problem in the infant was Post - partum and had got nothing to do with the child delivery complications.
Postpartum exercise helps the mother to control to lose extra weight.
The cause of death is Postpartum Haemorrhage and is more common in the developed part of the globe.
She needed blood transfusion due to postpartum haemorrhage.
The meeting was postponed by the authorities.
The postponement of the project release date was an awaited news.
What was the reason given by the doctor for Postponing the operation.
The drugs prescribed by the doctor is Post - prandial and should be taken with a lot of water.
Postpudendum is a female genital tube in nematode.
Post review more funds were alloted for the project.
The posts and telegraphs were delivered by the postman.
PostScript is an object - oriented language for printing documents on laser printers.
Post script is an object - oriented language for printing documents on laser printers.
In the information letter sent to shareholders the date and time of the next shareholders meeting was given as postscript.
In the information letter sent to shareholders the date and time of the next shareholders meeting was given as postscript.
The Human Resourse Department of the company has received an order to fill up the posts held in abeyance.
Post shipment credit can be extended in different ways and it is generally a short term credit.
Post shipment credit can be extended in different ways and it is generally a short term credit.
All postal expenditure is entered in the Posts Telegraphs Account.
According to the cosmological Postulate this is totally false.
Postural problem has to be corrected in children so that they wont have any back related problem later on.
Postural Vertigo is commonly observed in human beings.
Correct body posture while sitting relieved the backache of the patient.
She can maintain an upright posture while walking.
An erect posture while walking shows that the person has a positive attitude.
A proper hand Posture is necessary to play the piano.
In some species post uterine sac function as sperm storing organ.
This is one of the most deadly Post - vaccinal effect.
The water is highly purified by passing it through different filters and hence is potable.
Potash is majorly used in the united estates for the purpose of sgriculture..
He was advised to have a diet with less Potassium content.
Potassium Bromide is found out to be the most effective drug in most cases.
The salts of potassium Chloride is used as the main component for food taste.
Potassium Citrate is known to be helpful in eliminating kidney stones.
Potassium Hydroxide is used in the laboratory in the form of small granules.
Potassium Iodide was advised by the doctor as it maintains the balance of water in body.
The purple color in water is due to the presence of potassium permangnate.
Potato is a modified stem and is also known as stolon.
Potato cyst nematode cause damage to the roots of plant.
Potato rot nematode cause damage to potato tuber.
The potency of the drug considerably decreases after one year.
Prolonged use of antihypertensive drugs may affect his potency.
It is a harmfull chemical with Potency to produce harmfull toxins in the body.
The vaccine is studied to be Potent in eredicating polio.
The employees were given training to increase their potential.
To find a potential buyer is the art of marketing.
Bank has identified potential centres for opening of new branches.
Potential competition for the new product cannot be ruled out from the existing producers.
New product is being launched in areas where there is potential demand for it.
The elastic muscles are composed of Potential Energy which is generated depending on their arrangement.
District Industries Centre has identified some persons as potential entrepreneurs and provided them some training.
Potential industries are being given incentives in rural areas.
Potential production level of the new unit has been assessed.
The potential review of the product was published in the newspaper.
A study for potential utilisation of the manpower has been undertaken.
The potential value of the product is Rs. 2500.
There will be no difficulty in financing the potential viable units.
The best method of fighting infections and disease is Potentiation.
Pothos grows slowly and is tolerant of low light conditions.
The pharmaceutical company produces the potion commercially in huge quantity for the purpose of export.
Potometer is an apparatus to measure the rate of water uptake.
After the examination Pott 's Abscess is being observed in the top part.
The vertebrae of the spine has grown weak as he is suffering from Pott 's disease.
Pott 's disease is more common in this part of the state.
Pott 's Fracture is being identified in the leg of the footballer.
A peritoneal pouch is present in the space between rectum and bladder in a male..
The pouch of cells is being formed as a result of cancer.
Poultice is held on the wound by using a soft cotton cloth.
Mustard poultice is an effective remedy for cough and bronchitis.
Starch poultice was tied to his aching leg.
Income can be raised through poultry farming.
Government of India has formulated number of poverty alleviation programmes in rural areas.
Large number of rural families in India are living below poverty line.
She was given an antiseptic powder to sprinkle on the wound.
The patient was advised to use an antifungal powder.
The powder is used in production of daibetic medicine.
The power of the engine is 200 cc.
The power of the authorities were questioned by he employee unions.
The power was generated from the water.
The heart is the only organ that has the Power to pump blood to the other parts of the body.
A lot of muscle Power is necessary to move the rock.
Power circuit breaker is an electric device designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by overload or short circuit.
Lack of rain lead to power crisis.
Power cycling is the act of turning an electronic device off and then on again to reinitialize its configuration.
In Computer science, Power down means to turn off the system or computer in an orderly manner.
Power driven transport vehicles have replaced the traditional bullock cart in rural India.
Water can easily be drawn by the power driven pumps.
Power duster is used in grape gardens.
Power of appropriation of funds is vested with the sub - committee.
A power of attorney may be either general or for a specific transaction.
Power off means close the systen in a controlled way.
Power of reappropriation has been delegated to the finance committee.
Power of sanction of loans upto Rs. 25000 / - has been delegated to rural branch managers.
In computer science, Power on means turn the computer on and check the computer memory and input / output channels.
Power on self test is a self - diagnostic program which tests that floppy drives, computer keyboard, random access memory and other hardwares are working properly or not.
In computer science, Power up means turn the computer on and check the computer memory and input / output channels.
It is found that Pox is more common in the month of march and apil.
PP have good tensile strength.
PPB is used to denote parts - per - billion.
PPM is used in science and engineering to denote parts - per - million.
In networking, PPP is a data - link protocol for communication between two computers that use a serial interface.
This is a practicable solution.
The practical experience of seniors might be helpful to the fresher.
Practical Extraction and Reporting Language is a text - oriented, high - level, general - purpose, dynamic and interpreted scripting programming language which is widely used in Internet applications.
One should have faith in practice.
He has got a valid licence to Practice medicine in america.
An individual grows better with practices and usages.
A medical Practitioner is required to take control of the situation as the condition is deteriorating.
Pratylenchoides cause severe damage to crops.
Pratylenchus are plant pathogenic.
Proper medication should be given during the pre - diabetes phase.
A short introduction to the contents is given in the preamble.
Preanaesthesia stage involves the talk between the docotr and the patient inorder to find out the exact amount of dosage required.
Diazepam is used as a preanaesthetic.
The oral medicine in the form of tablets acts as a Preanaesthetic.
One session of preaudit was held at the bank.
Pre audit should be done in all the departments.
The pre - audit balance sheet has undergone some changes.
Pre audit cheques have been sent to all.
Get the details from the pre audit pay department.
Pre audit payments should be released immediately.
There are numerous benefits of the pre audit system.
Please attach the pre audit voucher.
The vein is located preaxil with respect to the bone.
Pre - bid approval is necessary for all the bidders.
Pre - Cambrian is divided into several eons.
There are some precancerous lesions in the oral cavity.
This is a Precancerous condition and the patient has to be treated withpout any further delay.
The heart beat in living organisms is Precarious and canoot be controlled by the humans.
Spare parts of the vehicles are available in the market in precast from.
Medicines should be kept as a precaution.
Request for precautionary attachment may be filed before the court.
Army has been kept on standby as precautionary measure.
The wall was erected as a precautionary measure.
All precautionary measures may be initiated to ensure that bank 's property is not damaged during strike period.
All precautionary measures may be initiated to ensure that bank 's property is not damaged during strike period.
The promotions would be given in the order of precedence.
Precedence grammar is a kind of context - free grammar that can be parsed with a precedence parser.
Precedence graph is a way of representing the order constraints among a collection of statements.
Precedence graph is a way of representing the order constraints among a collection of statements.
We get to learn from the precedents.
The preceding officer was given the order of promotion.
Give details about the previous financial year.
Give an appraisal of the preceding rules.
Precentral sulcus is observed to be parallel to the central fold.
A precept has been issued by the local court not to allow withdrawals in the account till further orders.
The cars are not allowed in the pedestrian precincts.
The Precipitate process is vital inorder to remove the residue formed on the solution.
Precipitate Labor was for temporary and lasted for nearly 3 hours.
Precipitating capital flight abroad will adversely affect the industrial climate.
Precipitating capital flight abroad will adversely affect the industrial climate.
Excessive acidity of urine results in precipitation of uric acid.
The process of Precipitation is necessary to remove the impure solid particles from the liquid.
Please make a precis of a report.
The machines are doing a precise job.
Based on precise data a reliable plan of action can be prepared.
The annual report has been drafted with precision.
The director precluded the meeting.
The child is Precocious as he is showing exceptionally intelligent.
Precocity of puberty is development of signs of puberty at an age earlier than normal.
Sexual precocity can be seen in that eight - year old boy.
The breast formation in the child is a condition of Precocity.
She was in precoma due to liver disease.
Preconceptions may lead to prejudices.
No precondition for starting a dialogue for compromise is acceptable.
In computer programming, Precondition is a condition or predication that is a prerequisite about any code or application.
In computer programming, Precondition is a condition or predication that is a prerequisite about any code or application.
The electrodes planted on the Precordia is indirectly connected to the heart.
His father was complaining of precordial pain since two days.
Precordial examination was carried out on the patient as he was complaining of chest pain.
Precordial Region of the person is sevierly damaged by the fire.
All the four parts of the Precuneus region were observed in the human brain.
Amino acids are precursors of proteins.
The Precursory symptoms such as vomiting and headache were observed.
Predaceous nematodes are beneficial to crops.
Predation is an event where on species feed on another to maintain life.
Predator consumes another organism.
The study of behavior of predatory nematode.
The department is gaining due to the decisions of the predecessors.
The pre determined cost of the product is Rs. 5500.
The predetermined cost of this product is very less.
Predetermined variable (s) may undergo change when actual production starts.
Predetermined variable (s) may undergo change when actual production starts.
Prediabetes stage gave the individual a warning signal due to which he reduced sugar consumption.
Prediastole was studied by carrying out the MRI scan.
In computer programming, Predicate is related to execution of code or instruction.
In computer programming, Predicate is related to execution of code or instruction.
The predictive validiy of this act should be checked.
Predigestion is necessary as he is not being able to digest food naturally.
Obesity is a predisposing factor for many diseases.
The environmental problem is Predisposing lung cancer in individuals.
The predisposition of lung cancer is due to the bad condition of the mine.
This is a predominant fashion this summer.
The predominat manufacturer of water purifiers is our company.
Predominant willingness always creates troubles.
It becomes easy for the bank to sanction loan against predominantly owned security.
Preeclampsia may lead to eclampsia if left untreated.
Pre - eclampsia condition is observed only during the time of pregnancy.
In electronics, Pre emphasis is a process for high - frequency which is used during recording.
In electronics, Pre emphasis is a process for high - frequency which is used during recording.
Preemption is the act of temporarily interruption in the task of computer system.
Pre emption can be done in special circumstances.
In certain cases law permits right of pre - emption.
Pre - emptive action is required to safeguard one 's right over the property by initiating a suit.
Preemptive allocation removes a resource from one process and transfers it to another.
Pre - emptive deposits will make his position legally sound.
Pre - emptive purchases will help maintaining the price line of the product.
Pre - emptive right in certain matters is recognised by law.
Pre - emptive scheduler is the act of temporarily interruption in the task of computer system.
Preemptive scheduling is the act of temporarily interruption in the task of computer system.
Pre - existing debt will not disturb the processing of loan application of current loan.
The new preface has been added to the second edition of the book.
The poor are not preferred.
Major investors should be preferred.
Please clear the preferable parts.
Preference votes are being counted.
Preference often leads to arrogance.
During surgery, preference was given to control undue bleeding.
Preferential share holders are entitled for preference dividend.
Only limited preference shares have been issued.
Preference shareholder will be given priority.
Preference shares is kind of ownership which return a fixed dividend to the investor who does not usually have voting rights.
Preference shares is kind of ownership which return a fixed dividend to the investor who does not usually have voting rights.
Preferential purchases should be limited.
Preferential creditors should be settled first.
Preferential creditors are defined in various status.
Preferential payment can be treated as a favour.
The list of preferential purchase was submitted to the purchase department.
Preferential purchase should be encouraged.
Rare commodities are available at preferential rate.
Deposit the money as per the preferential rate of duty.
Loan to families below poverty line are granted on preferential rate of interest.
On certain items of import preferential tariff is levied.
As a result of preferential trade agreement volume of business between two countries has increased considerably.
Preferred shares is kind of ownership which return a fixed dividend to the investor who does not usually have voting rights.
Preferred stock is kind of ownership which return a fixed dividend to the investor who does not usually have voting rights.
Prefixes are attached at the beginning of a word.
Insert the words at the beginning of the sentence.
Pre - fix is a sequence of successive characters within a string in programming language.
Pre - fix is a sequence of successive characters within a string in programming language.
Pre - fix notation is a form of notation for logic, arithmetic, and algebra.
Prefix operator is a way of notating mathematical expressions and it is immediately precedes its operand.
Prefix operator is a way of notating mathematical expressions and it is immediately precedes its operand.
Prefix traversal means sliding of a tree data structure in which it visits each node in the tree before visiting its children.
Prefoliation is the arrangement of leaves within the leaf bud.
Prefrontal cortex is seen to be present in the mammals.
Acetylcholine acts as a neurotransmitter in all preganglionic nerve fibers.
An abnormal post ganglionic tissue growth is being observed in the individual.
Amenorrhea is an early sign of pregnancy.
The fall of the lady from the staircase led to the termination of Pregnancy.
Pregnancy Gingivitis is a natural condition observed in most pregnant woman.
The Pregnant woman should be asked to follw a good healty diet pattern.
The utensil cracked due to preheating.
The prehistoric details of this monument are written on the board.
The current condition of the market can be assessed through pre investment surveys.
The preinvestment survey is necessary to save oneself from the loss.
The prejudice in his mind made all the relations complicated.
Judge should not be prejudice.
He prejudiced the minds of the workers by his speech.
The prejudicial atmosphere in the meeting hall was noticeable.
The preliminary medical treatment can be given in the office.
Preliminary enquiry has revealed some serious lapses.
Preliminary estimate is indicative of the fact that project may be viable.
The children who crossed the preliminary exam, were called for the main exam.
Reduce the preliminary expenses.
The preliminary grant will be cleared.
The relatives of the murdered were called for the preliminary enquiry.
Verify the preliminary inward account.
The preliminary report will be published tomorrow.
There has been a rise in death rate due to the premature deaths.
Premature growth of sexual organs is being observed in the girl child.
Premature Baby is being examined by the doctor as it is suffering form breathlessness.
It is observed that the premature beat is smaller than the normal beat.
The lungs of the infant is known to be underdeveloped because of premature birth.
Premature cessation of the loan liability is a good feature.
Her son is a premature child.
In mathematics, Premature convergence denotes the approach toward a definite value.
Intrauterine infections are a major cause of premature deliveries.
The cause of death of the new born infant was Premature Delivery.
The premature encashment of the policy is also possible.
Premature infants are more prone to development of neurological problems.
Premature Labor is the sign of abnormility and can lead to the death of the child.
Premature Labour is known to occur in most of the pregnancy cases.
Premature payment of home loan will attract some penalty.
On premature withdrawal of fixed deposit amount lesser rate of interest is only permissible.
The new born infant is showing the signs of Prematurity.
Reconstruction of the Premaxillary bone is next to impossible.
Generally, sedative or analgesic drugs are used for premedication.
Premedication in children was given orally as the child was afraid of the needle.
She is suffering a lot from premenstrual headache.
The Premenstrual pain can be seen in the teenager and needs to be shown to the doctor.
The view of prementum of damselfly nymph.
This is in the administration premise.
Do not park vehicles inside the premises.
Please keep the premises clean.
The next date for payment of premium is 12th September.
The premium for insurance may be paid quarterly / half yearly or yearly depending upon the type of insurance.
For better quality goods a premium on its normal price is generally paid.
For better quality goods a premium on its normal price is generally paid.
The employees were given the premium bonus after the company agreement.
The premium for risk depends on the type of risk.
Furnish information regarding premium income to the office.
Premium income is showing downward trend.
Premium on debenture will be paid.
Premium on exports of select handicraft items is available.
12% premium share will be paid.
Premium pay is allowed to high performer executives.
Premium wage system is a good method of providing incentive / encouragement for high performance.
Premium wage system is a good method of providing incentive / encouragement for high performance.
The Premolars are required as they help in tearing the food apart.
There are total eight premolar teeth in the mouth of an adult.
The symptom is premonitory and the patient has to be shown to the doctor as soon as possible.
The premorbiod state of the patient can be seen by his bad mood.
The process of Premunition is seen in humans and it occurs naturally.
A Prenatal test had to be carried out to find out the health of the child.
The patient was given advice regarding prenatal care.
The preoccupation must be mentioned on the job application.
The patient was advised not to eat anything during the Preoperative phase.
Preoperative medications were administered to the patient.
Pre operative expenses include all type of start - up expenses, viz, establishment, travel, insurance, consultancy, interest etc.
Preorder traversal means sliding of a tree data structure in which it visits each node in the tree before visiting its children.
Prepaid taxi facility is available.
His mobile phone was activated on a prepaid mobile card.
Prepaid deposits are adjusted over a period of time or continue as security for work contract.
Adjust the prepaid expenses.
Please present a list of prepaid expenses.
On prepaid freight bill some rebate is given.
The prepaid voucher system for recharge of mobile phones is a popular practice.
Preparations have been completed.
Preparation of herbal medicines is easy.
The preparation made by the doctor is know to be highly effective for curing this disease.
This liquid preparation is used in treatment of cough.
He needs some preparation leaves for exams.
Before preparatory of retirement he should complete his work.
Use prepared and preserved food less.
Let the pre partition claims be given primary priority and cleared accordingly.
The organization was deciding the pre - partition claims.
The injury suffered by the footballer is causing a severe Prepatellar pain.
The condition of Prepatellar Bursitis was observed in the person after he meet with an accident.
Pre pay freight bill is subject to adjustment with the final bill.
One percent rebate on interest rate will be allowed on prepayment of loan.
Pre payment fee will be adjusted with the final amount to be paid.
Prepayments means when a company pay for product or application before they have been received.
Prepayments means when a company pay for product or application before they have been received.
The burglary in the bank was pre - planned.
The pre planned action of police was executed at the place of murder.
The lecturer preponed the class test.
The preponement of the matches left no time for players to practice.
A pre preferential creditor has been defined in law.
In computer science, Preprocessing is a program which process the data to prepare it for another processing procedure and then it is used as input to another program.
In computer science, Preprocessing is a program which process the data to prepare it for another processing procedure and then it is used as input to another program.
In computer science, Preprocessor is a program which process the data to prepare it for another processing procedure and then it is used as input to another program.
Preprocessor statement is useful to make programs more readable and it can appear anywhere in source code.
Preprocessor statement is useful to make programs more readable and it can appear anywhere in source code.
The pain in the vaginal region during the Prepubertal phase is because of the infection.
Surgical removal of the prepuce was carried out in this patient.
The pain is observed in the penis as the Prepuce is very tight.
Preputial infection was observed in the child as he lay naked by the road side for long.
The Preputium Clitoridis in the famelae is known to be small in size and thus exposes partly the inner glans.
Keep the pre receipted bill safely.
Every customer should get the pre - receipted bill.
Cross sectional view of prerectum.
Prerenal problem was know to be the main reason of kidney failure as the kidneys were not supplied with proper blood.
The pre revised editions of this book are available at the cheap rate.
Prerogative is with the court.
The person is affected by Presbyacusis because of which he used the hearing aid.
Presbyopia is caused by the loss of elasticity of lens with age.
Presbyopia is seen in most of the people after they cross 55.
The condition of Presbyopic can be rectified by using the lens.
The income of the employees has to be prescribed.
The patient had asked the doctor to proescribe him a drug as was getting fever.
Take milk in the prescribed proportions.
Overdue interest will be charged on payment made after prescribed date.
Fill the prescribed form completely.
Applications will be accepted in the prescribed form only.
The prescribed format was issued by the institution.
The prescribed format is certified by government.
Banking transactions are conducted only during prescribed period.
The prescribed procedure for processing the loan proposal has to be followed.
Prescribed rate of exchange is decided by RBI.
The prescriber was not properly aware of the patients condition as he gave him a wrong dose.
He was given a prescription by his physician.
The prescription was mainly aimed at controlling his hypertension.
The pharmacist insisted for the Prescription inorder to give that drug.
Prescriptive economics in the modern era is considered an outdated concept.
The presence of the prime minister at the opening function was a surprise.
The person has grown weak and the condition of Presenility can be noiced in him.
The present address of every account holder was asked by the bank.
Macrophages carry out antigen presentation to lymphocytes.
Vaginal examination of the pregnant lady revealed breech presentation.
Head presentation was seen to be the most common type of presentation of child delivery.
Presentation graphics enables users to create highly stylized images for slide shows and reports.
Presentation graphics enables users to create highly stylized images for slide shows and reports.
Presentation layer is responsible for the delivery and formatting of information to the application layer for further processing and ensures that information sent by the application layer of one system will be readable by the application layer of another.
Presentation layer is responsible for the delivery and formatting of information to the application layer for further processing and ensures that information sent by the application layer of one system will be readable by the application layer of another.
Head down Presentation of foetus was noted in most of the cases.
Presentation services layer is responsible for the delivery and formatting of information to the application layer for further processing and ensures that information sent by the application layer of one system will be readable by the application layer of another.
The presenter at the conference was a great professor.
The presentment for acceptance may be done on a business day at a reasonable time.
Presentment for payment may be made within reasonable time before expiry of the instrument.
Presentment of bill has to be done within reasonable time and as per procedure.
A bouquet was given as a present.
There are a lot of problems in preservation.
Alcohol is sometimes used for preservation of some medicines.
Advanced technology has been used for preservation of records.
Bank has adopted latest preservation technique for its records.
The chemical used in the laboratory acts as a Preservative in protecting the body part.
These vegetables have to be preserved.
Many illegal goods were caught in the preshipment inspection.
The meeting will be presided over by Chief Minister.
Work will be done according to the order of the president.
Prespecification means thoroughly explained.
The micrography was being used to find out the value of Presphygmic interval.
The press communique was sent to the news paper press.
Information on foreign policy was given in the press conference.
The press copy of this news has been sent.
There was crowd at in the press gallery.
There was pandemonium in the press gallery.
Press houndouts should be printed.
A pressman should behave equally with all.
A press note of the budget schedule was sent.
Moderate alcohol consumption has pressor effect.
The nerves have narrowed down because of the identified Pressor.
Pressoreceptor are known to be present in the end part of the nerve of the blood vessels.
The high blood pressure is concerned with the Pressor Nerve and has to be brought to normal.
The press release of this book is by the president.
Local pressure was applied to control bleeding from the cut.
Pressure was being applied by the individual aroun of the cut to prevent further blood loss.
The relation between pressure and resistance was found out to be directly related.
The mental Pressure of children during the period of exams is known to increase tremendously.
The Pressure Area durin the surgery was seen to be covered totally by blood.
A manometer is a type of pressure gauge.
It is important that you know the Pressure Points on the body before using this method.
Pressure Sore was observed in the patient who was on bed for more than a week.
Prestige goods have personal value.
Presumably, the train reached the station late
The passengers missing are presumed dead.
Presumed total loss was shown.
Presumptive address is an expression which is used in the calculation of storage addresses for computers.
The presumptive heir was given all the right of the property.
In computer program, Presumptive instruction are those instructions which are systematically changed to obtain the actual instructions.
In computer program, Presumptive instructions are those instructions which are systematically changed to obtain the actual instructions.
The presumptive pay is much more that the real pay.
The presupposed notions of social progress are no more relevant.
The contraction was observed in the heart ventricle when viewed through the machine during the Presystole phase.
Presystolic heart murmor was observed in the individual using a stethoscope.
The Presystolic Murmur is being observed to be associated with unstabale blood flow.
Child born from a Preterm Delivery has seventy percent chances of survival.
The product will be launched only after the pretest.
He was absent given the pretext of ill health.
Many cultures prevail in India.
This is the prevailing trend in the automobile industry.
Prevailing market rate has declined.
Prevailing rate of interests is on high side.
An individual avoids giving direct answers in a prevarication.
All problems can be prevented.
A lot of steps have been taken for the prevention.
Vitamin A is necessary for prevention of night blindness.
He was put on antibiotics for prevention of postoperative infections.
Many task forces have been constituted for preventing smuggling.
Take preventive medicines for pain.
Chloroquine can be given as a preventive drug for malaria.
Preventive measures have to be taken by the person who is suffering from diabetes.
In view of recent frauds in the bank some preventive action is necessary.
In view of recent frauds in the bank some preventive action is necessary.
Preventive intelligence work will be done from tomorrow.
Preventive maintenance is a regular inspection of computer hardware for the purpose of maintaining equipment and prevent the failure of equipment before it actually occurs on a regularly scheduled basis.
Medicines were sprayed as a preventive measure.
Preventive Medicine branch is necessary as it helps in preventing deaths due to infections or diseases.
The preventive remedy tried in fraud cases has proved effective.
In computer science, Preventive service means the service to prevent the failure of equipments.
In computer science, Preventive service means the service to prevent the failure of equipments.
In computer science, Preventive service means the service to prevent the failure of equipments.
Preventive Treatment was taken in the individual of the society where 5 cases of swine flu were detected.
The soft prevertebral tissue was seen to be swollen in appearance.
Two cases of swelling was being observed in the Prevesical region.
Previous references my be used.
The current sanction is in modification of the previous sanction.
The current sanction is in modification of the previous sanction.
P. Chidambaram had presented the previous year 's budget.
His prevision was utilized to find the way.
Use of antidepressants is one the causes of priapism.
Priapism is observed to be seen in the individual which were bitten by the spiders.
Price movement of food articles is seasonal.
Local procurement of goods provide price advantage.
The new product has a price appeal and induce people to buy.
The new product has a price appeal and induce people to buy.
Price band for the new issue of shares has been announced.
Price behaviour in a volatile market is totally unpredictable.
Price behaviour in a volatile market is totally unpredictable.
Operating price chit fund is not allowed in many states.
Operating price chit fund is not allowed in many states.
Most of the markets which have no or least government interference operate as price cleaning markets.
Most of the markets which have no or least government interference operate as price cleaning markets.
Price compensating income will help maintaining the price level of the commodity.
Price conscious market will not accept an abnormal increase in the price and will react sharply.
Inflation can be checked by price control.
Price current is showing an upward trend.
The price curve is showing upward trend in the prices.
Price cycle in agricultural commodities in India is a seasonal phenomenon.
The price determination of a product depend on more than one factor.
Price earning rate of the new product is reasonably high.
The price earning ratio has since improved.
Price economics take into consideration various factors like level of demand and supply.
There are various factors which affect price elasticity.
When demand and supply matches with each other a price equilibrium is possible.
Price escalation will increase overall cost of the project.
Price fixation of the new product has been done after taking into account market condition.
The middle class is fed up of the price fluctuations.
Businessmen benefited from the price fluctuations.
Price fluctuation index is calculated based on some selected commodities.
Price forecasting is a highly skilled and technical job.
Looking to the present conditions of the market it would be difficult to achieve the price goal.
Price index for consumer articles has gone up several points.
The price index was studied by the share market.
Price inelasticity of goods used for construction work may help completion of project at estimated cost.
High rate of price inflation has caused great inconvenience to the common man.
Entry has been made in the priced ledger.
The costs have been given in the price list.
Numerous mistakes were found in the price list.
There is no price margin available in the new product for allowing higher rebate.
A presentation on price mechanism has been made by marketing team.
Government is keeping a close watch on price movements of food articles.
Prices of items can be reduced through price negotiation.
Consumers suffer if the price output development are allowed to be unrestricted.
Price pegging will help maintaining a steady market.
When there is scarcity of resources to buy customers exercise price preference for cheaper goods.
Large variation in the price of the price sensitive goods can be seen within a span of short period.
Some sellers resort to price shading when they have heavy stock.
Price spread was within tolerable limit during the last quarter.
Price stabilisation is important for healthy growth of the economy.
Price structure for various products has been arranged according to demand requirement of the consumers.
A customer friendly price system may help in increasing demand.
Price tag gives an idea to the customer to buy or not to buy an article.
Price - to - earnings ratio is a financial ratio of a stock which compares the share price to the profit earned by the company per share.
Price trend of late is going upward.
Sometime government resort to price valorisation.
Sometime government resort to price valorisation.
Price variation is a common phenomenon.
There is no government control over price variation.
Price variation should be eradicated.
In purchase of residential homes from builders price variation clause is incorporated by them in the agreement.
Many items are included in pricing.
A number of factors play crucial role in pricing of materials.
Pricing system has to be such that it is not discriminatory.
Pricking was necessary to remove the pus out of the boil.
The nurse Prickled his finger inorder to get a blood sample for carrying out the medical test.
The nucleus of the Prickle Cell was found out to be bigger in size when viewed through a magnifying instrument.
Prickly heat commonly occurs during summer season.
Prickly heat is more common in children and infants.
Prickly heat can be prevented by avoiding hot and humid atmosphere.
Prickly heat occurs when the sweat gland duct gets plugged.
Prickly Heat powder is in great demands during the summer season.
The powder is known to be highly effective in controlling Prickly Heat.
Prickly pear belongs to family Cactaceae.
The successful employees are the pride of the organization.
Prima charge upon compensation will be applicable to all the departments.
Prima facie the murder was committed for revenge.
The prima facie case was presented in the court.
The prima facie evidence was questioned by the lawyer.
Primage is considered to be a gratuitous payment.
Primage average accustomed clause will be applicable from 31st March.
This phase of treatment is Primal and cannot be skipped by the patient.
Primal physiotheraphy helped the patient in getting rid of emotional problems.
The company is primarily in mobile business.
The health and hygiene requirements of the workers should be primarily looked after.
To hold a meeting was the primary decision taken by the authorities.
Frequent urination is a primary sign of diabetes mellitus.
The Primary structure of the protein was depicted using diagram.
The structure of the primary nerves were compared to the later nerves.
The primary root give rises to secondary root.
Primary Abscess was seen to be present away from the site of infection.
Primary access means storage and retrieval of a particular data type in a table.
Primary Adhesion was seen to be the factor responsible for healing of the fracture or wound.
Primary arbitration can be further modified by hearing both parties.
Primary axis consist of whole cluster of flowers.
In communication, Primary center is a telephone office which is lower status than a sectional center and higher status than a toll center.
When three colours red, yellow, and blue are combined to make a useful range of colours, then these colours are known as Primary colors.
When three colours red, yellow, and blue are combined to make a useful range of colours, then these colours are known as Primary colours.
The primary commodity will pass through other processes before it is ready for use.
The primary commodity will pass through other processes before it is ready for use.
The focus of infection in primary complex is known as Ghon focus.
She would get cured comletely from Primary Complex once the full treatment is over.
The primary dealers are the most important segment of the trading activity who can deal directly with the Central Bank.
Deposit Rs. 1000 as primary deposit.
Primary deposit may be a compulsory requirement for keeping an account or assigning the contract.
The primary education should be mandatory to all.
The primary evidence may prove decisive in the dispute.
Primary focus of disease was located in the liver.
Primary Gangrene was observed in the limbs of the individual.
Primary gold will acquire its real value after refining.
Primary gold will acquire its real value after refining.
Primary health centres are common in developing countries.
In computer science, Primary index holds the values of primary keys.
Primary industries are good for villages.
Diagnosis of patient with primary infection of HIV virus is difficult.
In computer science, Primary key is a key that identifies each record and determines the sequence of records in a file or other data structure.
In computer science, Primary keyword is a key that identifies each record and determines the sequence of records in a file or other data structure.
Primary lender can seek refinance from the higher financing agency for eligible loans.
Primary market these days seems to be in bullish phase.
Primary memory is the memory that can be directly accessed by the CPU where CPU constantly interacts with it and execute the instructions as per the requirements.
Primary memory is the memory that can be directly accessed by the CPU where CPU constantly interacts with it and execute the instructions as per the requirements.
It was found out that the size of the Primary Oocyte was 40 pm.
Primary parasitoid feed on herbivore or predator.
In an ecosystem plants are primary producer.
Primary product of the company is an established popular item in the consumer market.
Do take the primary receipt from the agents.
The primary (reserve) money is reserve requirement imposed as a financial discipline.
Primary root give rise to secondary root.
The primary schools should be given governmental aids.
If the value of the primary security falls below the stipulated level bank may ask for additional security.
In computers, Primary storage section is the section where information or data has been stored.
In computers, Primary storage section is the section where information or data has been stored.
Primary Syphilis is being transmitted in the individuals through sexual contract.
Primary unit of appropriation will be modernized.
In mathematics, Prime is a natural number which is a positive integer greater than 1 and exactly divisible only by 1 and itself.
In mathematics, Prime is a natural number which is a positive integer greater than 1 and exactly divisible only by 1 and itself.
In mathematics, Prime is a natural number which is a positive integer greater than 1 and exactly divisible only by 1 and itself.
A bank can get prime bill rediscounted by an authorised agency.
A bank can get prime bill rediscounted by an authorised agency.
Shares of the prime corporate bodies rule / dominate the share market.
Shares of the prime corporate bodies rule / dominate the share market.
When indirect manufacturing cost is added to the prime cost, factory cost of the product can be arrived at.
Checking of the prime entry is important.
In number theory, Prime factor of any positive integer are those prime numbers which are divisible only by 1 and itself.
In number theory, Prime factors of any positive integer are those prime numbers which are divisible only by 1 and itself.
In number theory, Prime factors of any positive integer are those prime numbers which are divisible only by 1 and itself.
The prime lending rate may be a base rate for deciding other rates of lending.
Obtain the list of prime locations from the tourism department.
In mathematics, Prime number is a natural number which is a positive integer greater than 1 and exactly divisible only by 1 and itself.
The prime profit component of the firm has to be maintained at the present level.
Prime rated securities are highly liquid.
The prime rate (fine rate) refer to the rate of interest charged to the customers of good standing.
The prime rate (fine rate) refer to the rate of interest charged to the customers of good standing.
This is the prime time of the year for cultivation of crops.
Prime time are high - usage hours of evening when the largest television audience is available.
Prime time are high - usage hours of evening when the largest television audience is available.
That lady is a primigravida.
The teenage Primigravida girl was being referred by the NGO to clinic.
The woman lying in bed is a primipara.
Primipara is noted in woman who get married at a later age mostly after 35.
The earlist age of Primiparity recorded is just three years.
The primitive furrow is clearly visible in the image of the specimen.
The diagrams depict the premordial development of bodyparts.
The shrinking of the primordial utricle.
The Primordium of the heart was clearly visible in the developing embryo.
In computer science, Primtive data type is the predefined and basic data type provided by a programming language which have only one value at a time.
The primum non nocere is the oath that it taken by all the doctors which means "first do no harm".
The arteries are known to be the princeps of the blood circulatory system.
Principal of this house is very strict.
The principal of the school was a gifted person.
The principal motive of this programme is to educate children.
The principal amount was provided by the bank.
The principal complaint of the patient is pain in abdomen.
This is a universal principle which is being folwed by all of us.
The principal account of the company is with the main city branch of the bank.
The principal appraiser is selected from the list approved by the government.
The principal audit officer has been transferred.
The principal auditor reviewed all the files related to expenditure.
There has been a rise in the prices of principal commodities.
The firm is dealing in principal commodity only.
The principal debtor has to repay the money.
All concerned have been informed about the change of address for principals.
In case of recovery of secured overdue loan principal security will be taken up for disposal first.
The principle of laser treatment is based on the absorption of light.
The primary principle of allergy treatment is to avoid allergens.
The application of the principle is necessary to cary out this procedure.
Aloevera is known to be the principal compont of this face wash.
Principle is necessary for the wellbeing of the organisation.
The Principle of Medicine are explained in detail in the revised book written by that highly qualified doctor.
In printer, Print drum is a rotating drum or device which contains full character set for each printing position.
In printer, Print drum is a rotating drum or device which contains full character set for each printing position.
Printed circuit is an electronic component which consists of a metallic conductor pattern on an organic insulating board and it is interconnects the other components.
Printed circuit is an electronic component which consists of a metallic conductor pattern on an organic insulating board and it is interconnects the other components.
Printed Circuit Board is a thin plate on which chips and other electronic components are placed.
Printed Circuit Board is a thin plate on which chips and other electronic components are placed.
Printer prints the papers.
Printer is a computer device which produces a hard copy of documents stored in electronic form.
Printer is a computer device which produces a hard copy of documents stored in electronic form.
Printer access protocol provides bi - directional communication between PostScript printers and the client computer.
Printer access protocol provides bi - directional communication between PostScript printers and the client computer.
Printer plotter is a computer output device which print the graph on paper according to the directions of a computer.
Printer plotter is a computer output device which print the graph on paper according to the directions of a computer.
Printer plotter is a computer output device which print the graph on paper according to the directions of a computer.
Printer port is an interface found on computers where computer transmit data to another device using parallel data transmission in which several bits sent simultaneously over separate wires.
Printer server is a networked computer or hardware device which controls the series of printers and sends the data to the appropriate printer.
Printer skipping means when printer skips few lines to print and those line can not be read.
Printer skipping means when printer skips few lines to print and those line can not be read.
Printer spacing charts are used to design output documentation and it contains column numbers across the top and row numbers along the left side.
Printer spacing charts are used to design output documentation and it contains column numbers across the top and row numbers along the left side.
Printer spacing charts are used to design output documentation and it contains column numbers across the top and row numbers along the left side.
Printer spacing charts are used to design output documentation and it contains column numbers across the top and row numbers along the left side.
Printer speed means the speed of printer 's print - per - minute which shows average speed of printer.
Printer speed means the speed of printer 's print - per - minute which shows average speed of printer.
Printer speed means the speed of printer 's print - per - minute which shows average speed of printer.
Print format means proportions and shape of a photographic print.
Print formats means proportions and shape of a photographic print.
The printing of this book will be completed tomorrow.
Printing is a process to print a document and image with ink on paper.
The printing and stationary material for this department comes from the government.
Printing calculator provides a printed record on paper tape with or without a digital display.
Printing calculator provides a printed record on paper tape with or without a digital display.
Printing calculator provides a printed record on paper tape with or without a digital display.
Print server is a networked computer or hardware device which controls the series of printers and sends the data to the appropriate printer.
Print server is a networked computer or hardware device which controls the series of printers and sends the data to the appropriate printer.
Print server is a networked computer or hardware device which controls the series of printers and sends the data to the appropriate printer.
The leave can be taken only on prior approval.
Prior authorisation to deal in the matter has been granted on request.
Provisions regarding prior charge in case of settlement of dues have been codified.
Bank must ascertain before financing against a security that no prior charge has been created on it.
The prior indication of resignation is mandatory.
Work according to priority.
His priority should be avoidance of smoking.
Priority is given to those species which are going to be distinct in few years.
Goods will be supplied to the priority buyer first.
Priority claim of the bank on borrower 's property has been registered with the administrator.
Priority control means traffic in an ATM network.
Priority gold is traded in the international market.
A commission has been constituted for priority grading.
The priority indent was submitted to the purchase department.
There was priority indication on the file.
Priority indicator means the order in which Data will be processed by the computer.
Government will provide help to the priority industries.
Priority interrupt means an interrupt procedure in which control is passed to the monitor and then again control returns to the running program.
Priority interrupt means an interrupt procedure in which control is passed to the monitor and then again control returns to the running program.
Priority inversion is a situation where a high priority task is waiting for a low priority task which is waiting for a medium priority task.
Priority inversion is a situation where a high priority task is waiting for a low priority task which is waiting for a medium priority task.
Priority inversion is a situation where a high priority task is waiting for a low priority task which is waiting for a medium priority task.
Priority lending was given to solve the crisis.
Priority limit is the highest priority level to the print service.
Priority list of item has been approved in the board meeting.
Priority number is the application number of the claimed priority patent document.
Priority number is the application number of the claimed priority patent document.
Priority processing is a series of operations through which programs are processed by a system according to priorities.
Priority processing is a series of operations through which programs are processed by a system according to priorities.
Priority processing is a series of operations through which programs are processed by a system according to priorities.
In programming, Priority queue is a queue in which the highest - priority elements are removed first.
In programming, Priority queue is a queue in which the highest - priority elements are removed first.
The minimum qualifications for priority rating are as follows.
Priority routine, abbreviated information pertaining to Priority.
Priority routine, abbreviated information pertaining to Priority.
Priority scheduler orders the execution of the selected tasks according to their priority.
Priority scheduler orders the execution of the selected tasks according to their priority.
Priority scheduling system is a system which designed for the execution of the selected tasks according to their priority.
Priority scheduling system is a system which designed for the execution of the selected tasks according to their priority.
RBI has circulated a list of activities which are included in priority sector for providing finance by banks.
Prior sanction of leave should be taken.
Convicts are inside the prison.
Literacy programmes were started in the jails.
The behaviour of the prisoner needs to change.
There is a scarcity of space for privacy.
This is the private property of the house owner.
The private organizations do not give pension to its employees.
A set procedure has to be followed to open a private account in a bank.
The documents in this file are private and confidential.
Private automatic exchange is a private telephone exchange which allows calls only within the exchange.
The ownership of private banks generally vests with private individuals / entities.
The employees are heavily paid in a private company.
Payments are very quick in a private contract.
Private corporate business is conducted within the framework of rules framed / registered by the company.
After the globalisation trend private corporate sector is gaining importance.
Private Data is a data which opens only for a single user.
Private enterprise is subject to the laws of the land including tax laws etc.
Many private exchange house have established their shop at airports.
Private finance may be easy to arrange but its cost may be high.
Private gallery is reserved for VIPs.
The number of private members is very low.
The ownership of this land is a private ownership of this organization.
The contract of food was given to a private party.
Private placement is an easy and cheaper mode of raising capital by companies.
Private placement of securities is permitted as per rules framed by the regulator.
This doctor earns through private practice.
The Privates in the hospital are allowed to use the cyber caf without any extra charges.
Work is done very fast in the private sector.
Bharati limited is the private sector 's telecom company.
In India large number of people are engaged in private trading.
Private transfer payments are subject to many restrictions.
Privatisation of some government enterprises is proposed as a part of financial reforms.
The privilege of retirement is to lead life in a own way.
The number of privileged persons is rising continuously.
There has been a rise in the privilege rate.
Privilege instruction are those special instructions which are kept for Operating System.
He was given the privilege leave of one month.
For use of newly constructed bridge a privilege tax on using it has been imposed.
In banking transactions there is a privity of contract between banker and the customer and not with other persons.
Privy generally lacks connection to plumbing, sewer, or septic system.
Privy should be kept free from insects such as housefly.
Prizes will be distributed tomorrow.
A car will be given as a prize.
Issuing prize bond is not a usual practice in the market.
Prize money will be paid in cash.
Prize subscribers are given a calendar and a diary every year.
Probabilistic means probability of situation, condition, or event which will occur or has occurred.
Probabilistic means probability of situation, condition, or event which will occur or has occurred.
In computer science, Probabilistic algorithm is an algorithm which employs a degree of randomness as part of a logic.
In computer science, Probabilistic algorithm is an algorithm which employs a degree of randomness as part of a logic.
The probability of winning this case is very high.
Probability calculus means probability of situation, condition, or event which will occur or has occurred.
Overeating may be the probable reason of her abdominal pain.
The probable suspect has been identified.
He claimed the property after the probate.
The probation is for two years.
The new recruits have been kept on probation.
The probationary period was for three months.
Criminal 's probationary is must.
Quarterly report for a probationary officer is required to be sent by the branch manager.
One can be suspended anytime in the probation period.
The probationers were sent for neutral election duty.
The probationer has his eyes on everybody.
The probationer proved successful.
Each company has certain probation period for its new recruits.
The probation period has been extended.
Probe into the initial entries is important.
Problem determination is a process of determining the source of a problem.
Problem file is a collection of materials necessary to document a program run on a computer.
Problem folder is a collection of materials necessary to document a program run on a computer.
A special cell in the bank is looking after problem loans.
Problem oriented language is a coded program designed to facilitate the accurate expression of problems
Problem program directly supports a user application from an operating system.
Problem program directly supports a user application from an operating system.
Problem solving is a process involved in finding a solution to a problem.
The structure of probola in nematode.
Mosquito sucks human blood with the help of proboscis.
Proboscis is an organ that is used for feeding.
Procambial strand give rise to vascular bundles of xylem and phloem in both monocots and dicots.
Procambium give rise to vascular tissue.
Procedural is an approach for programming in which the developer specifies that what has to be done and in what order.
In computer science, Procedural abstraction means identifying and naming something complex and then using that name to refer to the complex thing.
In computer science, Procedural abstraction means identifying and naming something complex and then using that name to refer to the complex thing.
Audit report has pointed out number of procedural irregularities in sanctioning of loan.
The procedural irregularities will be eradicated.
A procedural language is a programming language in which everything is processed in the order it appears to the computer.
Procedural literature relating to banking transactions is provided to all new recruits in the bank.
Procedural matters will be discussed.
A procedural programming is a programming language in which everything is processed in the order it appears to the computer.
Action will be taken according to the procedural rules.
Procedural rules should be followed.
The bridge will be constructed according to this procedure.
Proceedings in the parliament take place according to a specific procedure.
The surgical procedure involves resection of his gallbladder.
The Procedure of carrying out the surgery was explained in detailed by the senior doctor.
Procedure is a sequence of instructions for performing a particular task.
A procedure oriented language is a programming language in which everything is processed in the order it appears to the computer.
A procedure oriented language is a programming language in which everything is processed in the order it appears to the computer.
Each member of parliament must take part in the proceedings of the parliament.
All proceeds must be recorded.
Work according to the process.
Antennae is a process extending form the head region in some species.
The Process of tissue decay was controlled by using the chemical on it.
A pyramidal Process is being observed in the bony part of the human.
Process chart is a graphical representation of the sequence of steps or tasks.
Process chart is a graphical representation of the sequence of steps or tasks.
Process control block is a dynamic data structure resident in memory which stores information about each process.
Process control block is a dynamic data structure resident in memory which stores information about each process.
Process control system monitors a manufacturing environment and electronically controls the process.
All expenditure will be included in the process cost.
Process descriptor is a set of information that defines the status of resources allocated to a process.
Processed food articles have a limited shelf life.
Processed diamonds are exported by India in large quantity to other countries.
The processed fabrics have been sent for stitching.
On every packet of processed food date of packing and expiry date for use is required to be printed.
Marketing of processed product has to be done after obtaining licence from concerned authorities.
Process group denotes a collection of one or more processes.
Process hierarchy means the structuring of the processes in echelon.
In computing, Process ID is a number used by some operating system to uniquely identify a process.
In computing, Process identifier is a number used by some operating system to uniquely identify a process.
Processing capacity means a number of operations which can perform by a processor in a set amount of time.
Processing capacity means a number of operations which can perform by a processor in a set amount of time.
A processing factory will be constructed.
Processing industry has been granted several incentives in the current budget.
In computer science, Processing multithread is a process which support to efficiently execute multiple threads.
Processing of cheque is done at the clearing house.
The work relating to processing of data has been outsourced by the bank.
Chemicals are used for the processing of goods.
Processing system is a computer system or program designed for processing work.
Processing system is a computer system or program designed for processing work.
Processing unit is a unit of computer that contains the circuits controlling the interpretation & execution of commands.
Processing unit is a unit of computer that contains the circuits controlling the interpretation & execution of commands.
Processing unit is a unit of computer that contains the circuits controlling the interpretation & execution of commands.
A procession has been organized.
The procession of the god was followed by the devotees.
Process management is an integral part of an operating system (OS).
Process map is a graphical representation of the sequence of steps or tasks.
Process model shows the flow of information through a system.
Process modeling shows the flow of information through a system.
Process optimization adjust a process to optimize some specified set of parameters.
Processor is a "brain" of the computer, where the information is processed and calculations are done.
Each processor cycle executes one machine instruction.
Processor front end is a computer which provides connectivity between networking devices and a mainframe.
Processor management is an integral part of an operating system (OS).
Processor scheduler refers to the way processes are assigned to run on the available CPUs.
Processor scheduling refers to the way processes are assigned to run on the available CPUs.
The Processor status word is held in a register known as the processor status register.
Processor status word describes the condition of a processor at each instant.
Processor time is the amount of time which a process takes to run.
Process scheduler refers to the way processes are assigned to run on the available CPUs.
Process scheduling is a technique that is used when there are limited resources and many processes are competing for them.
Process state is a stage of execution when process is running.
Process table is a table containing all of the information that must be saved when the CPU switches from running one process to another in a multitasking system.
An irregular shaped Processus is being observed in the bone which makes it look different from the normal.
The Processus Articularis is seen to be damaged by the severe accident.
It is observed that Processus Cochleariformis is in direct contact with the lower part.
In the condition of Procidentia the bosy part sunk 87 inches beyond.
A train has been proclaimed.
Prime Minister has announced many projects in the proclamation.
Procorpus is an anterior region of an esophagus.
All humans have the right to procreate.
According to the rules Procreation is allowed only after marriage.
Afetr carrying out the test it is found that the individual is not Procreative.
Proctagra was seen in every 4 patients out of 100 examined.
The symptoms indicate Proctalgia andit has to be diagonised.
Proctectasia is being observed in the child and treatment is required.
Proctectomy is an acute surgery and is carried out on eledrly people.
Proctitis is associated with tenderness in the rectum and anal region.
The bleeding and dicomfort is due to Proctitis, the cause of which is not known.
A lot of complications are seen to be associated with Proctocolectomy.
The continous abdominal cramps indicate that he is suffering from Proctocolitis.
Proctodaum is formed from ectoderm.
During this stage of growth Proctodeum is clearly visible.
Proctodynia has made the patient restless also it is found to be very difficult in getting cured.
This proctologic surgery is known to be the best and the most common method.
My dad is the head of the Proctology department.
The symptoms and the treatment of Proctoparalysis is being expalined by the doctor.
posterior Proctopexy was found out to be the most effective and simple way of treating the displace rectum.
I suggest you visit this doctor he is a specialist in carryong out Proctoplasty.
Themdicication is found out to be the best medicine for Proctoptosia.
Examination with a proctoscope revealed a small swelling in the rectum.
The Proctoscope is not being used in this clinic, you need ot go to the hospital.
Proctoscopic examination of the patient was normal.
Proctoscopy is normally done to inspect for rectal polyps or piles.
It was only after performing Proctoscopy that it was concluded that he has to be admitted.
Examined patients were given the treatment twice as they had Proctosigmoiditis.
The Proctosigmoidoscope was measure to be 25 cms in length.
Proctosigmoidoscopy is a very important instrument used by the doctor for examining the disease.
Proctotomy was being carried out on the patient who was brought today to the hospital.
The procurement of the dues was done through the police.
The procurement of machines was very difficult.
In Heterodera and Meloidogyne ovaries are prodelphic.
Prodromal labor was being observed in the lady and was taken to the docotr without any reason.
Prodrome is very important as it gives the patient a sign that he has to visit a doctor.
He produced the report in front of the board of directors.
To produce mineral water is the main business of our company.
Himachal Pradesh produces more electricity than the consumption.
In India the general meaning of a produce exchange place is taken as agricultural produce market.
This is the product of the multiplication of two numbers.
The colorfull liquid is the product of the chemical reaction.
The production manager was keeping the record of the produced goods.
The production house was busy in the process of editing.
Produce the production account in front of the central committee.
Proposal for additional loan for enhancing production capacity of the unit have been received.
Try to reduce the production cost.
Efficient system of production and management of material will lead to production economies.
Production exposure norms are suggested / revised from time to time.
Production scheduling is a methodical way to undertake production activity.
The production target of our company is 1lakh products.
The cough is productive and the mucus should be removed out.
Productive assets should be maintained in proper manner.
What all are included in productive expenses?
Productive forces contribute a lot in achieving the objectives of production.
Productive labour is the most valuable asset of an industry.
The productive life of a milch animal generally may not be more than five lactations.
Productive savings help healthy growth of the economy.
The productive sector of economy will further boost the growth.
This is the full record of Productive wages.
Productive works will be provided promotional funds.
The productivity of foodgrain in India per hectare is much lower than many world countries.
Our company does not believe in productivity bargaining.
The productivity bonus will be utilized in further production.
Productivity duty may be an indirect incentive to the producer.
If the productivity of capital is more in an industry it will attract more investment.
Productivity of labour in India is considered low as compared to industrial workers in some other countries.
Productivity ratio may be worked out with reference to capital or labour deployed.
A center for productivity tests will be opened.
Zymogen is an proenzyme.
Proerythroblast is not being observed when viewed through this microscope.
Government will promote the medical profession.
Medical profession requires consistent updating of medical knowledge.
He is a cardiologist by profession.
The professional do not compromise with their duties.
He is also a computer professional.
The professional achievements of this company are creditable.
Professional auditors can be hired.
The professional charges should be paid by every employee.
The professional integrity should always be encouraged.
Professionalism is the first step to progress.
Professionalizing medical profession is not in the interest of common man.
The professional practice of this doctor is flourishing.
What are your professional qualifications?
Loan by banks to professionals and self employed persons is classified under priority sector.
The professional skills should be developed.
Doctors engaged in private practice are required to pay professional tax at a special rate.
The professional tobacco curers will be given permit.
The value of the experts can be assessed through professional valuation.
She is Professor Emerita in School of Social Sciences at JNU, New Delhi.
G. K. Chadha is Professor Emeritus in School of Social Sciences at JNU, New Delhi.
The proficiency of this lawyer can not be questioned.
The worker was given the proficiency certificate.
The level of proficiency of labour in Indian industry is quite high.
The workers have to appear for the proficiency test.
The profile of this job is following.
The profit of this year is year is 20%
Profitability ratios are useful to know the financial viability of investment proposals.
Based on the results of profitability study, investment decision will be taken.
The profit account has to be checked thoroughly.
Profit allocation ratio is decided by the board of directors.
In a profit and loss account excess of income over expenditure will show profit.
The profit available for dividends have been deposited in the bank.
Profit consideration are very important for undertaking any venture.
Public should complain against profiteering.
Profit inflation may weaken the financial health of the institution.
Account profit loss comes under last account.
Special type of entries comes under profit loss adjustment account.
Appropriation of entries are passed in profit loss appropriation account
In a competitive market profit margin is very thin.
The company is working towards the profit maximization.
Suggestions have been invited from all concerned for profit planning during the next year.
Post incorporation profit should be promoted.
Profit prior to incorporation will not be divided.
Signatures of all the partners are there on the profit sharing bond.
In case of profit sharing bond the element of certainty of income / return on the investment is not certain.
Profits will be shared as per the profit sharing ratio.
Profit showing scheme is a new scheme of Governement.
The profit squeeze will reduce internal resources.
Profit taking offerings be made use of for converting unrealised gains into profit.
Profligacy may bring the organisation into difficulty.
Proforma should be declaired in newspaper.
The proforma of this application is given in the booklet.
The proforma account will be placed before finance committee for approval.
Adjustments will be made according to the proforma adjustments.
Proforma balance sheet has been put to the finance committee for finalisation.
Fill up the blocks on proforma basis.
Proforma credit is extended in emergent cases as an exception to select clients.
When proforma invoice is accepted by the buyer it becomes contract.
Deposit the proforma invoice price.
What is proforma promotion?
Proforma voucher will be authenticated by the authorised person.
The Profunda artery of the arm is is being traced by the surgeon.
Profuse bleeding was observed in the individual after the accident.
Sex allocation theory predicts that parents should manipulate brood sex ratio in order to maximise the combined reproductive value of their progeny.
My grandfateher is in the photo with her Progeny.
Genes are transferred in progeny.
Cases of Progeria are very few and there is no cure for this problem.
The Breast cancer risk is due to the progestational property.
Proglossis cannot be touched to the nose and is impossible.
Prognathism is being observed in the child as the upper jaw and the lower jaw are not of correct length.
Prognathus protrudes in forward direction.
Prognathus condition is seen to be imaginary in the individual.
The prognosis of Cowden 's disease is poor because of the high risk of developing malignancies.
People suffering from lung cancer have a poor prognosis.
Prognostic technicue was being used to find out the outcome of cancer.
Program is a set of coded instructions to perform a desired sequence of operations.
Program is a set of coded instructions to perform a desired sequence of operations.
In computer science, Program access means the operation of programs or set of instructions.
In computer science, Program access means the operation of programs or set of instructions.
Program address counter is a processor register which indicates the computer 's status in its instruction sequence.
Program address counter is a processor register which indicates the computer 's status in its instruction sequence.
In computer science, Program block is a section of a computer program which functions as a separate program.
In computer science, Program block is a section of a computer program which functions as a separate program.
Program compatibility is a type of compatibility shared by two computers which can process the identical programs.
Program compatibility is a type of compatibility shared by two computers which can process the identical programs.
Program control involves executing particular code based on the outcome of a prior operation or a user input.
Program control involves executing particular code based on the outcome of a prior operation or a user input.
Within the processor, Program control unit is a circuit that locates, analyzes and executes each instruction in the program.
Within the processor, Program control unit is a circuit that locates, analyzes and executes each instruction in the program.
Program counter is a processor register which indicates the computer 's status in its instruction sequence.
Program crash is a condition where a program stops performing function and also stops responding to other parts of the system.
Program crash is a condition where a program stops performing function and also stops responding to other parts of the system.
Program debugging is a process of finding and reducing the number of bugs or errors in a computer program.
Program decomposition means breaking down of a complete program into a set of component parts.
Program design is an activity of progressing from a specification of some required program to a description of the program itself.
Program design language is a process of designing and documenting in software.
Program development system is software system that provides support to the program development phase of a software project.
Program error is an error which occur in code and creates problems in execution of programs.
Program Evaluation and Review Technique is a project management tool used in planning, scheduling, controlling, analyzing and representing the tasks involved in completing a given project.
Program exception is a situation when results of running a program incorrectly specifies.
Program execution is the process through which computer applies the instructions of a computer program.
Program execution is the process through which computer applies the instructions of a computer program.
Program for Internet News and E - Mail is a tool for reading, sending and managing electronic messages.
Program function key is a key on a computer that can be programmed to perform a particular operation.
Program generator is a program that permits a computer to write other programs automatically.
Program level means the level in which an audio source is transmitted or recorded.
In computer science, Program library is a collection of standard programs and subroutines used to develop software.
Program line is a line of code written as part of a computer program.
Programmable read only memory is a form of digital memory which stores data or programs permanently.
Programmable read only memory is a form of digital memory which stores data or programs permanently.
Work is going on according to programme.
The programme will start at 7 in the morning.
A few volunteers are needed for programme coordination.
A committee has been constituted for programme evaluation.
Let the programme indent be typed.
The programme of action was declared by the organizers.
He was appointed as a programmer.
There has been a change in the programme schedule.
Recovery percentage under programme specific lending is better.
The programming of data is necessary.
Programming language is an artificial language used to write instructions for computer programe.
Programming Language for Automatic Checkout Equipment is a language that can be used by engineers to program a variety of automatic test equipment.
Program module is a file that contains instructions which are either in the form of source code or machine language.
Program register is a processor register which indicates the computer 's status in its instruction sequence.
Program transformation is the process of converting one program to another.
Program transformation is the process of converting one program to another.
The progress of this company is incredible.
The chairman reviewed the progress chart.
The progressive plans of actions should be implemented.
The progressive education society has launched the new programme of education.
Progressive muscular relaxation has been shown to help promote sleep.
Progressive movement of the food in the intestine is controlled by the muscles.
All the accounts in the progressive account have been completed.
Government has decided to implement progressive deregulation in banking sector.
Make entries of the everyday spending in the progressive expenditure.
Progressive grant may be possible if work performance is satisfactory.
The injection is found out to be very helpful in Progressive Locomotor Ataxia but is very vostly.
Progressive Muscular Atrophy is very rare and has developed in the teenager.
Progressive Ophthalmoplegia was noticed only at the later stage.
Grants have been made for the progressive outgoing.
Progressive tax will be applicable from 2008 - 09.
He was studying the progressive taxation.
The progressive total of expenditure is taken to the profit and loss account every quarter.
Progressive underemployment in agricultural labour is causing concern.
Progress payment is a routine method of releasing payment in construction activities.
Yearly progress has been recorded in the progress register.
The progress report can be had from the department.
One should follow the prohibited rules.
Trading cannot be done of the prohibited and restricted goods.
One cannot enter the prohibited areas.
The prohibited goods are not stocked by the shopkeepers in the city.
Prohibition should be imposed strictly.
The prohibition has been extended for another 15 days.
The government imposed absolute prohibition on possession of alcohol or drugs.
Due to its prohibitive cost the new product has not received good response in the market.
The prohibitory order has been issued by the District Magistrate.
Send copies of the prohibitory order to all the departments.
The project will be completed in two years.
Project competion is sufficient project allowance.
The projected balance sheet present an idea of future financial position of the organisation.
Production activities are taken up keeping in view the projected demand.
There may be difference of opinion in the projected rates of interest.
The project estimate is of 2 crores.
Project Evaluation and Review Technique is a project management tool used in planning, scheduling, controlling, analyzing and representing the tasks involved in completing a given project.
The process of Projectile Vomiting has to be performed when a person has injested poison.
The Projecting Fiber are observed to be very thin with diameter as low as micro meter.
The projection of company goals should done properly.
The projections of the cerebral cortex are seen to be at an angle of 90 degrees.
It is very difficult to understand the way Projection process is carried out by the brain.
It is very difficult to understand the way Projection process is carried out by the brain.
The projectionist approach towards this Government scheme is futile.
The projections of lending in area are based on past performance.
The project profiles of the new schemes have been forwarded to the expert committee.
The project report will be discussed in the committee.
The projects discussed in the meeting seems to be realistic.
Prokaryotic cells lacks true nuclei.
Prolactin test was carreid out on the mother to find out the quantity of prolactin in blood.
The surgery was carried out to treat rectum Prolapse.
Soon after the delivery Prolapsus of the uterus was being detected.
Proleg is not present in adults.
The surgery prevented the infected cell Proliferate.
Growth and development is carried out by the process of Proliferation.
The specimens collected by the experts are Proliferous in nature.
The organisms is found out to be highly prolific.
He died of prolonged illness.
PROM is a form of digital memory which stores data or programs permanently.
Promcycelium consists of small spores.
Promeristem is found in the center of the apical meristem.
Prominence is clearly seen in the xray of the bony structure.
He is the prominent leader of our company.
Prominent currencies can be exchanged even in small cities in the world.
She condemns promiscuity.
The promise of bonus was given to the workers.
Promise clause on notes is signed by the note issuing authority.
The promissory note was issued to him.
Submit the promissory notes to the department.
Promontory is seen in the inner wall of the ear which needs to be treated.
It is necessary to promote four employees.
You should promote your employees.
There is a meeting of the promotees.
The promoter was very happy with the performance of the promotee.
Promoter promotes the law.
In prokaryotes sigma factor recognise promoter sequence.
Promoters get enforcement fee.
The promoter shares are allotted to those persons who initiate a new business and do preliminary work for the same.
Promotion is given once every year.
There are a lot of obstructions to his promotion.
The promotion of bio - products should be encouraged.
The promotional discount will be available only for a period of one month.
Promotional profit can be converted to a special reserve.
For promotional role best achievers will be rewarded.
Promotional expenses can be capitalised.
He was considered for the promotion post.
There are many contenders to the promotion post.
Promotion profits are accepted only by the promoters.
The promt reply from the management is expected.
Prompt action was taken by the police.
Prompt action saved the child 's life.
Customers are pleased by the prompt payment.
Prompt sale of the new product has encouraged the producers.
He promulgated the company policies.
He performed resisted wrist extension with the forearm in pronation.
The doctor advised him to perform Pronation soon after recovering from the fracture.
The Pronator is supposed to be a powerfull muscle but is injured most often in the individual.
Doctor asked the patient to get Prone as he wanted to examine him.
He is more prone to infection as he is very weak and has a poor fdefence mechanism.
Proper functioning of the Pronephros is necessary for the survival of the embryo.
He underwent a right occipital craniotomy in prone position for removal of a right intraventricular glioblastoma.
The shape and size of a pronotum.
He pronounced the decision.
The pronouncement of the case decision was done by the judge.
The pronouncement of new scheme was done by the director.
The proof of this crime is not available.
The proof arranger did a commendable job.
Proof exportation is required for submission to bank.
Proof of debt may be required for various purposes.
The proof of dispatch is this record.
The proof reading of this book is necessary.
Proof set of coins has been kept in the museum.
The infection is seen in the prootic region and should be treated before it spreads further.
He propagated the principles of Hinduism.
The propagation of this law is necessary.
Propensity for saving is a inherent quality of an Indian.
Western culture encourages propensity to consume.
Propensity to invest should be promoted.
This is not the proper answer.
Send application through the proper channel.
It is the property of electricity to give shocks.
The heir to the property has been found.
This property belongs to me.
What properties are they providing with house?
There are just few entries in property account.
Property accounts are to be certified by a valuer.
The property return should be filed.
The property tax should be paid.
Prophage is harmless to the host.
During prophase chromosomes become visible.
It is being observed while experimenting that Prophase is the longest stage.
She was prescribed lomerizine, a prophylactic drug, for her migraines.
He was aware of the Prophylactics that had to be consumed which prevented him from suffering from that disease.
The doctor discussed with the patient the risks and benefits associated with the use of antibiotic prophylaxis.
Prophylaxis is the tried and tested method of treatment of HIV patients.
Prophylaxis is a treatment taken to reduce the risk of HIV infection after exposure to virus.
In propneustic system posterior pair of spiracles do not function.
The proportion of this table is written on the surface.
Primary breast cancer may spread to the liver in a significant proportion of patients.
These two papers are not proportional.
The proportional allocation of funds for developmental activities in villages is proposed.
The subsidy is allocated in proportional rate of the asset creation.
Parliament has been constituted by proportional representation.
This is not a proportionate measure.
The proposal of holiday was not signed.
Proposal should be decided.
Proposal form has to be scrutinised properly before taking a decision.
He proposed to complete the project.
Please propose this matter in front of officer.
The proposed action may be initiated only after obtaining approval from the competent authority.
He was a skilled proposer.
Proposer of this project is very strict.
The proposition was not valid.
Proposition is very important in business.
He propounded the effects of the newly proposed scheme.
Proprietary type of leaves have been used.
Windows is a proprietary software of Microsoft, which cannot be used completely unless and until the license key is purchased.
Decisions in a proprietary concern are easy and prompt.
The napal Proprietary Medicine is being sold illegally by the workers of the company.
The Proprietary Name is unique to all manufacturers and is protected by the trademark act.
Obtain the proprietary rights from the owner.
He is the proprietor of this hotel.
Proprietor of land has sole right to mortgage it.
The propriety of the university is in question.
All the records are available in the propriety audit section.
Decision will be taken according to the propriety cum efficiency audit.
Proprioceptive exercises were given to the individuals inorder to increase their strength and coordination.
Proprioceptor is known to be present in each of the body parts such as skin etc.
Proptosis is seen in the eye of the individual and has to be operated as it is causing a lot of discomfort..
Proptotic condition is being observed in the aged man and has to undergo an operation.
The Propulsion in the intestine is similar to the drill like motion.
Product should be in pro - rata.
Profits are to be divided on pro - rata basis of the capital contributed.
The claim for pro - rata payment has been made as per agreement.
Pro - rata quota of product should be decided.
Fixing of pro - rata rate is reasonable and justified.
Prorata share has been sent to all the shareholders.
Add water as Pro - re - nata to the mixture while preparing the medicine.
The fine structure of prorhabdion.
Meeting is an prorogue.
Do consider the pros and cons.
This garden has been proscribed by the administration.
This garden has been proscribed by the administration.
Four allegations have been brought by the prosecution.
He was appointed as the prosecution counsel.
He was the public prosecutor.
The Prosencephalon is considered to be the largest brain part.
Prosenchyma helps in conduction.
It was observed that Prosopalgia was observed in most of the surveyed women which caused great discomfort in the cheek part.
The Prosopalgic condition of the patient is being diagonised by a neurology specialist.
It is because of Prosopectasia that he is not meeting any visitors.
After the survey it is found that Prosopoplegia is the most common form of paralysis.
The symptoms are Prosopoplegic and you need to consult the doctor before it is too late.
The prospect of getting a job made him apply.
Organising exhibitions etc. are good tools to attract prospective customers.
Always keep the prospective effect in mind.
People will be prospectively influenced by the war.
Prospective planning will be approved by the high powered committee.
Obtain the prospectus from the exams section.
Prospectus and rights are to be made public before new issue of shares by a company.
The country is prospering.
The developed countries are prosperous countries.
Prostatalgia is not concerned with the age of the patient and can affect any age individual.
He was told by his doctor that he had a prostate cancer that needs to be treated surgically.
He was told by his doctor that he had a prostate cancer that needs to be treated surgically.
Early recognition of Prostate Calculus helped the doctor to treat him fast and with ease.
Prostatectomy is found out to be a risky surgery and is accompanied by side effects.
During the examination it is found that the Prostate Gland is in the size of walnut.
Males of this age group are known to suffer more from Prostate Gland enlargement.
Prostatic cancer is seen to develop in the male prostate.
The acidity value of the prostatic fluid that was not contiminated with urine was tested.
Prostatic Plexus is composed to have large veins and is not possible to to visualiza the structure.
He is having irregualr urination as he is suffering from Prostatitis.
Only afetr carrying out proper examination it was made clear that Prostatocystitis is not being present.
Prostatolith was known to be a very rare case earlier but now instruments have proved it wrong.
Prostatolithotomy was carried out on the patient and 8 stones were removed out.
Prostatomegaly is seen to be present in the individual for several years, And is under treatment.
Prostatorrhoea is seen to be present as a common disease and occurs independently.
Prosthesis was carried out on the individual as his hip was damaged after he meet with an accident.
He is doing his Prosthetic studies in a very reputed college of UK.
Prosthetics is very important as it helps the disabled to walk or use their arms again.
Prostitution is very dangerous as it can infect you with AIDS.
Prostome is a subdivision of protostome.
Prostomium is situated in front of the mouth.
He was prostrate with grief at his mother 's death.
He was prostrate with grief at his mother 's death.
The prostate gland is present at the base of the bladder.
Prostration is being observed in the child which is not normal and you need to consult a doctor.
Protandric flowers release pollen before the stigma is receptive.
In protandrous flowers the anthers release pollen before the stigma is receptive.
Protandry is a condition in which male organs developed before female organ to avoid self fertilization.
The individual is suffering from Protanopia but can differentiate between red and green colors.
Protease enzyme digest proteins.
A protectant is applied on a field to protect crops.
A protected tenant cannot be evacuated without following the process of law.
Protected transaction will make the deal smooth.
The police protection was provided to him.
Protection is a condition of being protected from damage or injury
Protectionist pressure will defeat the policy of free trade.
Protections are announced by some countries to safeguard interests of their domestic producers.
The substance is Protective on nature and is required for the proper functioning of the body.
Nut is a new protective food against coronary heart disease.
Closure of stomata in salt - grown plants is a protective mechanism against water loss.
Protective rate of interest is considered for projects to the deserving priority sector.
The revised rates of tariff are in the nature of protective tariff.
The cells of a protective tissue are flattened.
Every cell contains protein.
Protein coat is made of various protein.
Ribosomes take part in protein synthesis.
Proteinuria is being identified in the patient who was earlier suffering from diabetes.
High blood pressure is known to cause Proteinuria in the examined individuals.
Protelean parasite are parasitic in their immature form.
Applications for pro tempore appointments are invited.
He was on a protempore appointment.
It is because of Proteolysis that the food is digested properly.
Proteolytic enzyme helps in digesting protein.
The factor Proteometabolism is different in different individuals i. e different in adults and youngsters.
The protest was held at the parliament house.
The protest demonstration was lead by the party leaders.
Protested bills account should be put up before the concerned authority regularly.
The protest note was sent to the press.
Protest payment is considered as a conditional payment.
Prothallus is found in fern.
Prothrombin helps in blood clotting.
The protocephalon is completely immersed in the yolk.
Corpora pedunculata is present in protocerebrum.
Red snow plant are of genus protococcus.
Obey the protocol.
Protocol proposition a set of rules which are exchanged between computers.
Protocol sentence a set of rules which are exchanged between computers.
Protocol statement a set of rules which are exchanged between computers.
The protocol trade has increased the volume of business between two countries.
The Protodiastolic sound was being heard and the pattern was studied using medical instruments.
In protogyny female reproductive structure mature first.
Protonema arises from a spore that grow into a small moss plant.
Protonephridium is an excretory structure in many invertebrates.
The male penis is seen to be Protopathic in nature.
The protoplasm of a cell, excluding the nucleus, is full of proteins that control cell metabolism.
The protoplasm of a cell, excluding the nucleus, is full of proteins that control cell metabolism.
The Protoplasm was found out to be highly important for the cell development.
Protoplasm is a living substance of a cell.
The cells which are being observed under the microscope are Protoplasmic.
Protoplast is a plant cell without a cell wall.
The hybrid formed by protoplast fusion cantains the characteristics of both.
A proto type has been made.
The prototype production displayed at the exhibition has attracted many buyers.
Tracheary elements in the vascular bundle are called protoxylem.
The protozoa fall under animals class and are one - celled animals; they also breathe, move, and reproduce. These are the smallest of all. Almost all of them can only be seen under a microscope.
The infection is Protozoal and proper medication is necessary before it get worser.
He died of protracted illness.
Protracted Labor was seen in the pregnant woman and she had to be rushed to the hospital.
The Protractor was cleaned throughly with dettol as it was used on the wound.
The spicules can be moved by protractor gubernaculi.
The presence of Protractor Muscle allows individuals to carry out certain tasks and do work.
The spicules can be extended by protractor spiculi.
The swollen skin was seen to Protrude out from the surface.
The bone Protrusion was observed in the patient three months after surgery.
Protuberance was seen in the individual and surgery was necessary to remove it.
Protura are earlier considered as insects.
Occurance of Proud Flesh is common when the wound is not treated properly.
Proud Flesh is being observed in the individual and it is more visible now.
All related documents have been filed before the court for provable debt.
He proved that he was right.
Consultancy contract may be awarded to a firm with proven track record.
All the facilities have been provided.
The leave will be sanctioned provided you complete your work.
Money has been deposited in the provident fund.
Money can be withdrawn from the provident fund investment.
Lakhs of employees benefited from the provident services.
Provirus is latent form of a virus.
Many provisions have been given in the constitution.
Provision for expenditure on maintenance has been made in the budget for the next year.
Provision for expenditure on maintenance has been made in the budget for the next year.
A provision for imposing penalty in case of default in repayment of loan has been incorporated in the loan agreement.
Orders have been placed with the provision store to provide / supply articles needed for the picnic.
This is a provisional certificate.
In rheumatic tonsillitis, the diagnosis is often provisional.
Provisional arrangements will not solve the problem.
Not everything will be explicit from the provisional assessments.
The provisional classification of expenditure is subject to review.
Decision is pending on the provisional estimates.
Provisional figures are subject to change after verification.
Provisional injunction order has since been vacated by the court.
These results have emerged out of the provisional inspection.
16 candidates have been kept on the provisional list.
Provisional order will remain in force till it is withdrawn.
Rs. 10000 will be given as provisional pay.
Obtain provisional payments from the bank.
The amount of provisional pension has been finalized.
20 competitors have been selected in the provisional selection.
Directives regarding the provisions for discount have been sent.
Keep aside the provision for doubtful debt.
Provisioning under various heads is mandatory to be made.
Amendments have been made in the provision of act.
Provision of funds has been sanctioned by the Panchayat.
The provisions of the food was about to finish.
Many necessities of life are available at the provision stores.
Information regarding the proviso will be given.
The provocation lead to protest.
The substance is Provocative causing it to perform a particular action.
She sustained a proximal humerus fracture recently.
Proximal interpolation is an algorithm is used to map a screen pixel to the corresponding point on the texture map.
This is the proximate solution to the problem.
For proximate determinants compensation may be considered.
Proximity between the two nations will facilitate their business.
The proximo will not be paid in this month.
Proxing of bill may be asked or done in certain circumstances.
Proxy will not be recognized.
The doctors list was seen as a good proxy.
To safeguards against financial risks bank have internationally accepted prudential norms.
Prudential reserves create a sense of confidence in managing the operations.
Sudden increase and decrease in the share prices is a prudent indicator of the volatility likely to set in.
Prurigo can be controlled by keeping the infected part clean and dry.
The substance is Pruritic in nature and has to be kept away from children.
Children with atopic eczema experience intense pruritus.
Pruritus can be seen in the individuals when they are beaten by a mosquito.
Pruritus Ani is quite common in small children and this makes them restless.
Pruritus Vulvae is not quite common and occurs when the part is not kept clean.
PS is an object - oriented language for printing documents on laser printers.
Mature females not swollen in genus pseudhalenchus.
Pseudocoel lacks well defined mesodermal lining.
In pseudogamy polination take place but male characteristics are not transferred.
In pseudogamy male charateristics are not transmitted.
The individual is being placed in the Pseudohermophrodite category.
Condition of Pseudohypertrophic was explained to the students about how it is linked to inheritance.
The muscles have grown big only because of deposition of fat.
Medical test and complete examination was necessary to find out wheher the person is Pseudoicterus.
Pseudolabia is a cuticular outgrowth in nematodes.
It is dificult for a normal person to find out the presence of Pseudoleukemia in its initial stage.
The word Pseudologia is being used repeatedly by the psychiatrist.
The condition of Pseudologia Phantastica can be seen in the individual after he went to the psychiatrist.
The condition of Pseudomania Is seen in the wife of the criminal who had murdered his friend.
Pseudomembrane was seen in the colon area which was due to the infection caused by bacteria.
A green colored Pseudomembranous Gastritis was observed in the patient after the doctor carried out the examination.
Pseudomucin was tested to be water soluble by the individuals carrying out an experiment.
He uses a pseudonym.
Pseudoparalysis was observed in the baby which made the parents mistake it for paralysis.
Hyphae aggregate to form pseudoparenchyma.
The person was examined by the doctor for Pseudoparesis as he thought he got a paralytic stroke.
Pseudoparkinsonism was observed in a lot of patients who consumed the drug.
Pseudoplegia in the individual is not because of his old age.
Pseudopodia helps the organism to feed on food without moving from place to place as it does not have legs.
The narrow chest in the observed individual is because of Pseudopsora.
The cause of Pseudosyphilis was studued in a group of 5 affected individuals.
Pseudotuberculosis causing species is known to be the least common species.
The species of genus is found in soil.
Psilophytales is an order of fossil plants.
Psilosis can be observed in both adults as well as small children.
Psilosis is being observed in the teenager and hence can be seen in both adults as well as children.
Psilotales are also called living fossils.
They were found to have psittacosis as the tests detected Chlamydophilia psitacci in them.
Psittacosis was seen to occur in most of the people who had visited the farm and consumed their products.
Psittacosis was seen in the staf that were employed in the poultary farm.
PSK is a method of digital communication where the phase of the signal is altered to carry the information to be transmitted.
Psoas of the human anatomy are placed inside and are different from the surface muscles.
Psoas Abscess was not treated on time and therefore got spread to adjacent parts.
Psoas Muscle plays a vital role in flexing the trunk of the human body.
Psocoptera are commonly found amongst old books.
It is mentioned that Psora is the most earlier disease known to mankind.
Psoriasis was observed on the knees of the adult it is known to be non contageous.
Psoric symptoms are being observed in the kid he needs to be taken to the doctor as soon as possible.
The Psoric medicine which is being maufactured is composed of a drug which is very rare in occurance.
PSW describes the condition of a processor at each instant.
Psychasthenia was not included in the manual which was being given to the students.
There was no family history of psychiatric illness in her family.
She was taken to a psychiatrist for her psychiatric issues.
My father is a psychiatrist he has a degree from a reputed college from America.
The Psychiatry department is not present in this ward you need to go to the next building.
The movie was based on a Psychic person who had a lot of natural powers.
The person is Psychic as he can communicate to others using telepathy.
Psychical is a very complex study and needs a lot of study to understand it throughly.
Psychic Blindness was seen in the person after he got a sever mental shock.
Psychic income does not serve physical needs.
She underwent psychoanalysis since 11 years of age.
Psychoanalysis is being choosen by a lot of medical students as their specialisation.
My coworker had visited a psychoanalyst and said he was the best in town.
Psychoanalytic procedure was very helpful to my friend who had faced a lot of problems in his life span.
Psychodynamics is an evolving career option and a lot of students are getting enrolled for the course.
Psychogenesis can be seen in the patient as he has faced a lot of problems in his life.
Sometimes dysphonia is psychogenic in nature related to the cranial nerves as well as other structural conditions of the vocal cords.
The person is suffering from Psychogenic disease and he needs to visit a docotr.
Psychological knowledge was used in carrying out the treatment of mentally sick patients.
The psychologist helped the person in solving a lot of problems.
He works as a Professor in Psychology at the University of Abertay.
Psychology is a specilisations that needs to be studied by the graduated student.
Psychometric procedure was carried out by the specialist on the child who was abnormal.
He was studying psychometrics.
His father is the head od the psychometry department.
Psychomotor was found out to be the most important and preferred method of psychotherapies.
The drug which is being produced for Psychomotor Epilepsy is given on regular basis to the adults.
He was diagnosed with psychoneurosis, anxiety, severe, or possibly early schizophrenia.
Psychoneurosis was a term which was used long time before in scientific usage.
This is a good criteria to judge a person whether he is Psychoneurotic or not.
He was diagnosed as a grossly perverted sexual psychopath.
He is a Psychopath due to which he is not having any friends.
Psychopathology of adolescent needs to be researched a lot as very less attention is given to this sector.
In Psychopathy the person badly needs an intervention of a psychiatric.
Psychophysics is a very important topic which will alow us to known the reaction of human sensory system to different environmental conditions.
Psychosis is being observed in individuals who go through a very bad mental conditions.
In the past, asthma was considered to be an entirely psychosomatic illness.
Psychosomatic condition was observed in the individual as stomach ulcers as they went through a high degree of stress.
The benefit of psychosomatic medicine is that it does not involve drugs, surgery, or other invasive treatments.
Psychosurgery in india has been carried out at a very economical cost without much complications.
She went to special psychotherapy sessions to help her to deal with her condition.
Psychotherapy is found out to be very beneficial in curing a patient and is found out to be more effective then drugs.
The person is Psychotic and needs to be admitted to the mental hospital as he is causing a lot of problems to the people around.
In computing terms, Pt means moving your cursor to locate a spot on the computer screen without clicking on it.
In telecommunication, Pt2Pt refers to a connection between two endpoints.
Pteridophyta includes ferns, mosses etc.
She had an operation for pterygium on the right eye.
She had an operation for pterygium on the right eye.
The Pterion of the human skull was marked with a red color for explaining it to the medical students.
An operation was carried out to remove the Pterygium as it was causing obstruction in vision.
The Pterygoid is a complex bone with a lot of parts.
Pterygoid Plexus is seen to be not fully developed in the examined sample.
Pterygoid Process was observed to be slightly broad and traingular.
A Pterygomaxillary groove is observed in the skull anatomy.
The Pterygopalatine ganglion is visible in the picture which is marked by a red color.
Ptilinum helps flies to come out of the puparium.
Ptilosis was observed in the left eye of the individual whos eye was swollen.
Ptomaine was a term which was scientifically used before but is not used nowadays.
Ptomaine Poisoning was being identified in the examined individual which was because of consumption of unhygenic food.
He was born with congenital ptosis in both eye lids.
Ptosis was observed in the individual when he woke up from sleep but it got ok as the day progressed.
The eye of the patient is observed to be Ptotic and hence treatment is necessary.
Ptyalagogue was necessary as the patient was complaining of dry mouth.
Ptyalectasis was necessary in the individual as the salivary gland was malfunctioning.
Ptyalin is an essential component which fascillates the process of digestion.
Ptyalism was observed in the woman who was 5 months pregnant.
Ptyalolith was seen in the individual examined by the doctor and treatment had to be carried out as soon as possible.
PU identifies a network node such as data links that supports communication sessions between logical units.
Earlier Puberal development was observed in the childbelonging to this family.
Pubertas Praecox was observed in the child because of excessive secretion of growth hormone.
Hormone levels increase at puberty in boys and girls.
Puberty can be seen to start at the age of eight in girls.
Pubescent individuals are hairy.
The pubic hair is observed to be curly in appearnace.
He is complaining of having severe pain in the Pubic Bone when he gets up in the morning.
Pubiotomy was performed on the woman whos pelvis was very small in size.
Pubis of my friend Is very fat and surgery is required for treating it.
There was gross edema of the mons pubis, vulva, and the abdominal wall, with the skin of peu de orange appearance.
Amenities should be provided to the public.
Public is fed up of the price rise.
She use public transportation to get to work.
She use public transportation to get to work.
Government forms public account committee.
The chairman of the Public Accounts Committee has been elected.
Public Accounts Committee 's report has been submitted to the Ministry.
The leader gave the public address.
Please use the public address system.
A public agent acts as a bridge to build confidence between public and the government.
The publication of the book was postponed.
These commodities have been bought from the public auction.
Number of information centres have been opened in rural areas for public benefit.
Public bodies should be given authority.
The amount of public borrowing has been raised.
Income of the persons employed in public concerns is low.
The share of a public concern / company are generally quoted on stock exchange and are freely transferable.
Public data network is a network established and operated by a telecommunications administration
Deposit the money in the public debt office.
Locker facilities in the branch have been introduced on heavy public demand.
More than 75% of the deposit accounts are public deposits in the branch.
Wheat, Rice, Jowar, Bajra, Sugar, Kerosene etc. is distributed through public distribution system.
All information relating to issue of election cards has been placed on public domain (on computer).
Police force is always on public duty.
Number of public enterprise are sick and on the verge of liquidation.
A public enterprise is maitained by the public.
During the last quarter of the year national exchequer usually show a comfortable balance.
Government has raised the public expenses.
Public finance has been approved.
Public finance duty is the assigned task to be performed by the government.
Public funds should not be misused.
Items of public good are lying waste.
Public goods are not to be priced by market forces.
The municipal authorities should look after the public health.
Central government efforts at influencing public health have focused on the five - year plans, on coordinated planning with the states, and on sponsoring major health programs.
Public Health department of the village helped a lot in eradicating swine flu virus.
The Public Health Act of 1875 was established in the United Kingdom to combat filthy urban living conditions, which caused various public health threats, the spreading of many diseases such as cholera and typhus.
She works as a Public Health Nurse.
She works as a Public Health Nurse.
Public holdings in companies of standing is very small.
The office will remain closed on a public holiday.
Many institutions are working in public interest.
He was studying the public interest litigation.
Public investment in India in core industrial undertakings is rising.
The public issue of gas company was oversubscribed ten times.
The publicity of the match was done through the newspapers
Public loan is issued by the government for meeting uncovered expenditure.
The criminals were punished publicly..
Public money is used in public constructions.
The public notice was issued.
The public notification was given in the newspaper.
Public nuisance should be controlled by the police.
Public offer of share has received encouraging response.
The public ownership of roads can not be denied.
The public gardens are public property.
The public provident fund was used to build the public library.
Certain banks have been authorised to receive public receipts.
Public relations facilitate nearness to the public.
Public revenue for the current year has shown increase.
The public safety was in the hands of police.
Public sale of the residential plots has been organised in the city.
He was studying in the public school.
Units under the public sector are running in loss.
State Bank of India is the public sector 's banking company.
Police is a good example of a public servant.
Electricity, Water, Telephones, Medical Services are part of public utility service.
Very few persons know about the public work accounts.
Public work advances will be distributed tomorrow.
Public work deposits should be used in developmental projects.
Corruption has spread in the public works.
There is a scarcity of workforce in the public works division.
Public works expenditure should be restricted.
Provide information about the public works receipts.
Please obtain the public works remittance.
He published the news in the newspaper.
A list of the published accounts has been released.
Published data can be made use of in formulating the scheme.
Published profit of banks has shown an increasing trend.
The Pubofemoral part of the person who meet with an accident was badly injured.
The muscle fibres of the Puboprostatic ligament was observed to be smooth.
Immediate treatment of the Pubovesical ligament was advised by the doctor.
The Pudendal artery is known to supply blood to the external sexual organs.
Pudendum of the woman was observed to be severly ruptured on account of accident.
The act is Puerile but it made me laugh a lot.
Puerile Breathing was observed in the adult as he was suffering from severe cold.
The woman had to face a lot of complicaitons during the Puerpera phase.
The woman had to suffer a lot of problem and infections in the Puerperal phase.
Puerperal Convulsions are found out to be more in hot season as compared to other climates.
She experienced an episode of puerperal fever after the delivery of her second child.
The woman showed symptoms of Puerperal Fever and had to be attended as soon as possible.
Puerperal Mania is common nowadays and medication has helped to prevent any severe complications.
She experienced an episode of puerperal fever after the delivery of her second child.
Perineal pain during early puerperium is one of the most common causes of maternal morbidity irrespective of mode of delivery or extent of perineal trauma.
Puerperium is a phas in a woman which differs from individual to individual.
Pulex can be avoided from entering the premises by spraying this gas which is highly effective.
Pulicide is being manufactured in bulk which will be shipped to the neighboouring state.
Pulmo infection was being detected in the examined patient who was compliaing of chest pain.
He was diagnosed with pulmonary emboli.
Pulmonary treatment is available at a low cost to defense personell.
The architecture of the Pulmonary Acinus was explained in detail to the medical students.
Pulmonary Calculus was detected in the patient from the xray and immediate surgery was necessary.
The medicines helped the young person to get cured from Pulmonary Catarrh in a short span of time.
Pulmonary Circulation can sometimes get blocked due to the deposition of unwanted fat.
After carrying out the study is it proved that Pulmonary Embolism is less common during pregnancy.
Pulmonary Hypertension was found out to be the main reason for the sudden death of the individual.
She underwent pulmonary lobectomy at the age of 45.
It is being found in most cases that Pulmonary Murmur is associated with anaemia.
The patient was noted to have pulmonary edema in his bilateral lungs.
Pulmonary Oedema was being observed in the lungs du to increae in the pressure in the cappillaries.
Pulmonary Plexus was being observed at the base of the ling specimen.
Pulmonary Stenosis was being detected in the patient and hence treatment was carried out which made him stay in the hospital for 5 days.
People suffering from Pulmonary Tuberculosis are being kept away from healthy people as the infection can be spread to others.
Pulmonary Vein is known to be a very important blood vessel in the human circulatory system.
Pulmonitis was observed in alomost 5 persent whoch underwent the radiation treatment.
He supplemented his diet with citrus pulp to maintain milk quality.
He supplemented his diet with citrus pulp to maintain milk quality.
The pulp of the tooth is found out to be the most soft part of the tooth structure.
Pulpa is completely damaged which is the cause of toothache.
Pulpal damge was being detected after she consulted the dentist as she was having very bad toothache.
Pulpectomy was recommended by the dentist as the pulp was highly affected.
Pulpitis was seen in the individual which was due to the tooth decay and he was crying a lot on account of pain.
Pulpotomy was not necessary at this phase as it canditon could be naormalised by using oral medicine.
A Pulpy mass was seen in the tooth of the individual.
The muscle is Pulsatile in nature which is similar to the hurt.
In patients undergoing peripheral angiography, there should be pulsation in the artery into which the X - ray contrast medium will be injected.
Pulsation can be seen in the lower side of the hand near the wrist.
She was found to have a throbbing intermittent pulse.
She was found to have a throbbing intermittent pulse.
The doctor checked the Pulse of the person who had fainted without any cause.
She was found to have a throbbing intermittent arterial pulse.
In Pulse Digital Modulation an analog carrier signal is modulated by a digital bit stream.
Pulse duration is the period of time during which a pulse is being transmitted.
Pulse length is the period of time during which a pulse is being transmitted.
She was found pulseless, motionless, and dead.
Those who can read the pulse of the market can be winners in share market.
Pulse Pressure when checked in the individual was found out to be lower than the normal pressure.
Pulse Rate is found out to increase rapidly while the person is running.
On physical exam, his pulse rate was 80 beats per minute and regular.
Pulse Rate helps the doctor to know about the persons healt conditions.
Pulse width is the period of time during which a pulse is being transmitted.
Pulsus was felt at the neck of the individual.
The medicine is prepared by the Pulver process.
The material which is being observed is Pulverisable and therefore has wide applications.
He underwent pulverisation of kidney stones.
Pulverisation process equipment was necessary for carrying out the work.
Insects clings to a surface with the help of pulvillus.
The functions of the Pulvinar were found out to be very complex and important.
Pulvinus facilitates movement of a petiole.
A Pump was used to feed in oxygen in the mouth of the operated individual.
Pump and dump is created by some vested interests in the market.
It is essential to punch the cards.
Punch marked coins are now pieces of collection.
Punching machine is used in various offices.
The punching machine was used to punch the papers.
Punctata was seen in the person who was suffering from an chronic infection.
You dont have to waoory as Punctate Keratitis is non communicable.
Punctation is presence of mark on plant or animals.
Punctodera species cause damage to corn plant.
He was a punctual officer.
Punctual attendance at the work place is necessary.
For students punctual attendance is must.
The lessons of punctuality are given from childhood.
Punctuation character is the standard set of marks.
Punctuation symbol is the standard set of marks.
The punctum of Stensen duct from the parotid gland is seen in the buccal mucosa at the level of the second maxillary molar.
Punctum was detected as it was differing in color from the dsurrounding.
Punctum Lacrimale was not visible in the iris of the eye.
The black spot is Punctum Proximum to the left eye.
The position of the bone in the human anatomy is Punctum Remotum compared to the other structures.
She underwent lumbar puncture, which revealed positive VDRL in the cere - brospinal fluid
She underwent lumbar puncture, which revealed positive VDRL in the cere - brospinal fluid.
Tissue Puncture technique was necessary to treat the affected part.
Puncture was made in the swelling of the skin while conducting the surgery.
Punctured Wound was formed when his hand went into the saw machine.
Garlic in tincture form is pungent.
The gas is pungent in nature and hence has to be kept away from children.
It is not the duty of the police to punish.
He has been arrested in a case involving a punishable offence.
The judge announced the punishment.
Public were enraged at the punitive measures taken by the administration.
Punitive damages are awarded in case of financial loss.
Pupa are formed from larva of insects.
Puparium is formed in flies of the family Stratiomyidae.
The insect undergoes pupation and formed pupa from a larval stage.
The patient had dilated pupils, sweats, shakes and extreme mood swings.
The middle class has the power to purchase.
The Defence Ministry will purchase tanks.
For purchases contact the purchase department.
I have to purchase a computer.
Purchase account has to be posted immediately after the transaction takes place.
Purchase and acquisition stores is being done.
Let the bought items be recorded in the purchase book.
Profits will be increased due to purchase control.
Let the purchase journal be produced in the office.
The purchased items are recorded in the purchase ledger.
Purchase related exchange entrirs are made in purchase ledger adjustment account
The purchase order will be completed within a week.
Purchaser is a very wide term.
Inflation will erode the purchasing power of money.
Based on the rule of purchasing power of parity the standard of living in one country can be compared with another.
Pure air is good for health.
Modern banking is a multifaceted banking and not pure banking.
Pure economics help to know why prices of some commodity rise faster, why inequality of income and wealth is there etc.
Pure inflation is uncorrelated with relative price shocks.
Pure line crops are used to get high yield.
He was given a purely temporary job.
Aloe is a purgative and stimulates uterine contractions.
Purified DNA extract is used to run PCR or Southern Blot for a transgenic mice genotyping.
Crude oil is distilled in a purifier.
Adenine and guanine nitrogenous base are derived from purine.
Security arrangements have been raised in the border purlieus.
What is the purport of this statement?
What is the purpose of this facility?
It is mandatory to indicate the date of journey.
The purpose - wise classification of loans will reveal which sector has been benefited more.
The purpose wise credit disbursed in the branch is as per credit plan.
The patient reported bruising, purpura, and petechiae.
The patient reported bruising, purpura, and petechiae.
The police pursued the criminals.
The employees should be honest in their pursuit.
The purview of a State Government is restricted to the boundaries of that state.
The otologist drained a significant amount of pus from his right middle ear.
In computer science, Pushup list is an ordered set of data items in which the most recent arrival is placed at the end of the waiting list and the item waiting the longest receives service first.
Under pusine mortgage charge is registered as land charge.
Viral infections normally develop with small pustules on the skin as the first signs that are noticed.
The put and call option provide an opportunity to a trader in share make large profits at a small investment.
The matter was put in abeyance.
Under put options a put buyer is bearish about the price of the share.
Putting out system will ensure proper decision of work.
He put up a proposal.
The put up slip was kept in the record.
PV is a method of allocating space on mass storage devices.
PVC is a software - defined logical connection in a network which is established in advance.
She was found to have pyloric constriction.
She reported that her son was born with pyloric obstruction, which was unnoticed until three weeks after birth.
The anatomy of pylorus region of the stomach.
The patient was treated for his alveolar pyorrhoea in the past.
Starch production take place in pyrenoid.
Pyrethrin have insecticidal activity and are found naturally.
Pyrethroid kills insects.
Pyrethrum is mainly cultivated for ornamental purpose.
Aspirin is a nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drug used to treat pyrexia.
Uracil, cytosine, or thymine are derived from pyrimidine.
The fruit of pyxidium open like a lid.
Quack represents a charlatan.
Quackery derives from the word quacksalver.
Quacksalver represents a charlatan.
Quad density is a technique for floppy - disk storage that uses magnetic particles which holds four times much data as than normally be contained.
Quadrangular refers mainly to the buildings enclosing a quadrangle.
Quadrangular Lobe refers to the quadrangular projection.
The quadrangular membrane is a layer of submucosa.
Quadrans refers to the fourth part of the coin.
Quadrate represents a square or cube.
Quadrate lobe is also known as quadrangular lobule.
Quadrate lobe is present to the left of the fissure for the gallbladder.
Quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM) is a method of combining two amplitude - modulated signals into a single channel which conveys data by changing the amplitude of two carrier waves.
The quadriceps femoris is a four - headed muscle of the femur.
Quadrigemina is also known as corpora quadrigemina.
Quadrigeminal plate is also known as lamina of mesencephalic tectum.
Quadrigeminal bodies is also known as corpora quadrigemina.
Quadrilateral refers to have four sides.
Quadrilocular refers to a quadrilocular heart.
Quadriplegia is also known as tetraplegia.
Quadriplegic represents a person with quadriplegia.
Quadruped represents a four - footed animal.
Quadruple length register is two double - length registers that function as one.
Quadruple register is two double - length registers that function as one.
Quadruplet refers to one of four offspring born in a single birth.
The quadruplicate of this letter will be made available tomorrow.
The book will be published in a quadruplicate.
There were numerous mistakes in the quadruplicate of the book.
The quadruplicate wires are very expensive.
Election will be held according to qualification.
Qualification is an attribute of knowledge that make a person fit for something.
Qualification is an attribute of knowledge that make a person fit for something.
All shareholders will get qualification share.
One may not be able to become director if he does not posses qualification shares.
There is always a demand for the qualified persons.
In case of qualified acceptance payment is to be made by the accepter on the fulfilment of the condition stated.
Applications are invited from the qualified candidates.
The institution will issue qualified certificate.
Qualified monopoly may restrain total unrestricted right of doing some business.
The partners of qualified ownership will not be paid any share in the profit.
The registrar presented a qualified report.
Through qualified endorsement endorser may limit his own liability.
A qualified statement on some event does not clarify the position in full.
The organization offered qualified support to the worker 's plea.
The instances of qualified title are very rare.
One must qualify the departmental exam to be a Director.
The qualifying clause of the report has made the whole report qualified.
The qualifying exam will be held on 17th September.
Information regarding the qualifying factors can be obtained from appendix 7.
The qualifying level has been raised.
The minimum qualifying marks is 45%.
The limit for qualifying output has been finalized.
Applications are invited for qualifying services.
You should clear the qualifying test before entering this course.
It was decided in the AGM to qualify the accounts.
There has been a qualitative improvement in the car 's capacity.
Qualitative related to the concerned with quality.
Qualitative analysis is done to determine the elemental composition of a compound.
There is a separate department in the manufacturing unit to look after qualitative control work of the product.
The market can be controlled only by the application of qualitative methods of credit control.
Its capacity has been increased by using the qualitative technique.
The material has passed the quality check.
The quality of the computer needs to improve.
The quality of this material is as follows.
The quality of the item was examined.
High quality appliances have been used.
The quality of the drug can be assessed using chromatography.
Quality refers to the state of being free from defects, deficiencies and significant variations.
Quality assurance means of monitoring the software engineering processes and confirming the degree of excellence of a product, service or application.
Data has been given in the quality certificate.
Quality certificates are issued by I. S. I.
Apply for the quality certificate.
A quality circle is an advisory - body.
Quality claims on exports have to be supported by valid documents.
Quality control will be applicable to all industries.
Quality control will lead to improvement in the quality of the products.
Quality control consists of quality planning, data collection, data analysis and implementation.
He was working as a quality controller in the food manufacturing factory.
The quality goods are sold at high cost.
For export, quality of goods has to be certified.
The quality of work should improve.
The price of quality product is very high.
Quality products fetch high sale value.
Quality rebate is allowed to promote the new product.
Quality scale for production of food articles is very high.
Quality seed are supplied to village farmers by the Agri. Credit Society.
Qualmish represents overly scrupulous.
Qualmishness refers to the nauseousness.
Quantasome is located on the inner lamellar surface of a chloroplast.
Quantifier is an operator which binds the variables in a logical proposition.
Quantitative is estimated by quantity.
Quantitative analysis is simply a way of measuring things.
Quantitative control help maintaining a reasonable level of inventory.
Quantitative economics is of use in world trade dispute settlement.
The quantitative laws of demand and supply determine the price level in the market.
The quantitative limits should be fixed.
Improve the quality of the product without reducing the productivity.
A small quantity of lidocaine was injected into his gum to facilitate the extraction of a tooth.
A small quantity of lidocaine was injected into his gum to facilitate the extraction of a tooth.
Quantity represents an exact amount or measure.
Close the quality accounts.
A decision has been taken in the meeting of board of directors to grant quantity bonus to workers.
Quantity index number it seems has not been worked out correctly.
Quantity rebate by manufacturers allow big departmental stores to sell articles at competitive rates.
Quantity statement of raw material should be put up to controller of goods on daily basis.
There is a set of formula for explaining quantity theory of money.
Quantization noise is an error introduced into an analog audio signal by encoding it in digital form.
Quantize is a set up to produce an output in discrete steps. Quantize means one whose amplitude is restricted to a prescribed set of discrete values.
The quantizer is a function whose set of output values are discrete and usually finite. This is a process of approximation.
The quantizer is a function whose set of output values are discrete and usually finite. This is a process of approximation.
Quantizer noise is an error introduced into an analog audio signal by encoding it in digital form.
Quantizing error is the difference between the actual analog value and quantized digital value which is due either to rounding or truncation.
The quantum should be determined according to the loss.
According to quantum theory quantum is the smallest discrete quantity of some physical property that a system can possess.
Quantum refers to a perticular portion.
The quantum leap in advances has increased the profit level of the bank.
Quantum of trade between two countries has increased sizeably.
Quantum Placen refers to happining of favourable things.
Quantum sufficiat is derived from Latin which means an appropriate quantity.
Quantum Vis represents the meaning as much as you wish.
Quaque Hora is seen in prescription to represent afer every hour.
Quaque Matin refers to the dose taken every morning.
Quaque Quarta Hora represents afer evey four hours of intake.
Please keep the patient aloof as he has quarantine.
The government of India imposes quarantine at the coastal regions of India to prevent the spread of swine flu.
Quarantine is voluntary isolation.
The practise of quarantine is used to control spread of disease.
The government of India imposes quarantine at the coastal regions of India to prevent the spread of swine flu.
The government of India imposes quarantine at the coastal regions of India to prevent the spread of swine flu.
His request for quarantine leave was sanctioned.
Quart refers to a 2 liquid pints.
Quartan refers to to Recurrence every 72 hours.
Quartan fever is also known as malariae malaria.
Quartan malaria is also known as quartan fever.
The money will be paid in quarterage.
Pay quarter average pay for this month.
The figures of profit for the quarter ended 31st March are yet to be finalised.
The figures of profit for the quarter ending on 30th June have been released.
Quarter in die refers to a perior of four times in a single day.
Check the entries once quarterly.
The quarterly report has been submitted.
A profit of 21. 36% has been shown in the quarterly report.
The quarterly report has been sent to the director.
The quarterly return has been hidden.
Item - wise details are available in the quarterly return.
Quarterly trade accounts are being reviewed.
Quaternary represents a mixture consist of four element.
Quarternary represents fourth number in any order.
There is a heavy demand for quarternary alloy coins in the market.
Quartipara is also known as para IV.
The British quashed the movement.
Quashing the commitment arose due to breach of terms of the supply contract.
A quasi - contract has been demanded.
Determine expenditure on quasi commercial basis.
Public money is invested in quasi commercial undertaking.
The quasi commodities will be made available.
Quasi - credit facilities are developed as a custom in the market.
Mineral development corporation of India is one of the quasi - government bodies.
An arbitrator is considered to be a quasi - judicial authority.
Panchayats perform quasi judicial function.
A quasi - legal procedure has to be adopted in a tribunal proceedings.
Quasi - money does not include coins / bank notes or deposits kept in bank payable on demand.
Quasi monopoly should be broken.
There may be some limitations or conditions attached to the quasi - monopoly.
A bill of lading is considered to be an example of quasi - negotiable instrument.
Quasi - negotiable paper is governed by local usage and customs.
The quasi partner will not be paid any share of the profit.
He was given the letter of quasi permanancy.
Even the quasi permanent will be issued ballot papers.
Quasi - public bodies are established to accelerate the pace of development.
Quaternary alloy coins in the process of mixing different metals loose its purity.
Quaternary rupee coin is a rare kind of coin now an article of collection.
The boat is at the quay.
Queen bee give birth to other bees.
Queen chamber in a bee hive is a region where queen lives.
Quercus infectoria prefers partial shade or partial sun to full and requires moist soil.
Time for query is fixed.
Query is a question or doubt about something like query about any computer programme, about any code or query related to any hardware.
Query is a question or doubt about something like query about any computer programme, about any code or query related to any hardware.
Query language is a specialized computer language through which users can extract data from selected records in a database.
The quest will be continued.
The teacher asked the question.
This conclusion of this research is questionable.
This is a questionable point.
The question hour in the parliament was attended by everyone.
The questionnaire for the examination was given by the teacher.
The question of law was very cumbersome.
In computing, queue is a type of data structure or a collection of items in which only the earliest added item may be accessed.
In Queue circular priority the item next to the last element is the first item in which each item is assigned a priority and the item with the highest priority accessed first, regardless of the order of the earliest added item.
Queued access is a set of procedures controlled by queues for efficient transfer of data between a computer and input - output devices.
A queued indexed sequential method (QSAM) is the access methods for files or data sets. These files are unkeyed, with the records placed one after another, according to entry order. A program can process these files only sequentially.
Queue Management can reduce packet loss rates in the Internet. It is a technique that consists ECN - marking packets before a router 's queue is full.
A quick access memory (QRAM) is developed to improves the effective data access speed by making maximum use of the page mode of memory.
A quick access memory (QRAM) is developed to improves the effective data access speed by making maximum use of the page mode of memory.
Certain percentage of banks assets are required to be maintained as quick assets which are also known as liquid assets.
Contact the corporation for quick disposal of filth.
Quickening refers to the baby 's first movements feel like to a mother.
Quicklime is also known as calcium oxide.
The quick results for the 3rd quarter are already out.
Quick search is a string searching algorithm which preprocesses the target string (key). It doesn 't need to check every character of the string to be searched.
Mercury is so called from its resemblance to liquid silver.
Utilize the quick transport service.
Banks always prefer to finance quick yielding project.
Quid are good for health.
Quid novo is being telecast.
Quid pro quo has been sent to the government.
The promotion of quiescence in virus specific CD8 + T cells in presence of a factor.
Effect of quiescent level of radiation on cell.
Quiescent is also known as latent.
Quinic represents a white crystalline substance.
Quinic acid is also known as chinic acid.
Quinic Fever refers to type of fever due to over dose of quinine or related compounds.
Quinine acts by interfering with the growth and reproduction of the Plasmodium.
Quininism is also known as cinchonism.
Species of genus quinisulcius is pathogenic to plant.
The quinquennial programmes run at snail 's pace.
The chairman has been elected for a quinquennial period.
Quinsy is also known as peritonsillar abscess.
Quintan refers to recurrence every 5 days.
Quintipara is related to obstetrics.
He quit his job after six months.
Quiver is also known as shiver.
A quiz is a form of game.
He learned the quiz craft in his college days.
Quode vide is also known as q. v.
Quo jure had the district magistrate to dissolve the panchayat.
Quorum is necessary for the meeting.
The quota for handicapped students is full.
The development of the quota countries is taking place slowly.
Quota sampling method is adopted in dealing with purchase of commodities like tea etc.
Keep the quotation as low as possible.
Quotation list is made available on request or displayed at a prominent place.
The backward classes can be developed by quota utlisation.
Geeta has been quoted in the Mahabharat.
Quote the price of these fruits.
The rates of shares quoted currently seems to be reasonable.
Quote driven market is influenced by the availability of the commodity and presence of buyers.
Quoted shares merely indicated the buying / selling price of the shares.
Quotid represents an abbreviation for q. d.
He developed a severe quotidian malaria.
Quotidian refers to the fever which returns every day.
Quotidian Ague can be caused due to unfavourable conditions.
Quotidian malaria is caused due to infection of two distinct groups of Plasmodium.
What is the quotient?
Every person is born with certain intelligence quotient.
Quotient represents the result of division.
Quotient is the number obtained by dividing one quantity by another or the result of any process inverse to multiplication.
In arithmetic, Quotient reminder means the result of the division of two integers when it cannot be expressed with an integer quotient and some amount is "left over".
Please issue the writ of quo warranto.
Rabic refers to the person belong to the disease rabies.
Rabid refers to a mad living being due to rabies.
He got his pet administered with Rabies vaccination by a local veterinary doctor.
Rabies is also known as zoonosis.
The Chief Minister too will take part in the race.
Race can also be referred as a breed or strain.
A race condition is an undesirable situation that occurs when a device or system attempts to perform two or more operations at the same time and the outcome of the execution depends on the particular order in which the access takes place.
A race condition is an undesirable situation that occurs when a device or system attempts to perform two or more operations at the same time and the outcome of the execution depends on the particular order in which the access takes place.
Racemose refers to borne in a raceme.
Racemose glands are arranged like grapes on a stem.
In racemose infloresence the merismatic activity is at the tip of the main axis.
Individual in a races have same genetic stock.
Raches is also known as backbone or spine.
Rachial refers to belong the back bone.
Rachialgia also represents the Pott 's disease.
Rachicentesis is also known as lumbar puncture.
Rachigraph refers to the graph for recording the curves of the vertebrae.
Rachiocysis refers to the subarachnoid effusion of fluid in the spinal canal.
Rachiodynia is also known as rachialgia.
Rachioscoliosis is also known as scoliosis.
Rachiotomy is also known as laminotomy.
Rachis is the principal axis of a compound leaf.
The function of a rachis is to protect spinal cord.
Rachis is also known as Vertebral column.
Rachischisis is not uncommon congenital defect.
He developed rachitic lesions in the tibial region.
Rachitic refers to the rickets
Rachitic pelvis refers to the one distorted as a result of rickets.
Rachitis is a disease of very early life.
Rachomatous can be viral, allergic, and bacterial.
Rachotomy is done only in very rare cases.
He filed a case against the racial descrimination in the office.
Racing deflation may be seasonal factor for temporary period.
He kept the books in the rack.
Police has busted racketeering in kerosene meant for fair price shops.
Rachitogenic refers to producing rickets.
The rack rent will increase the cost of commodity at destination.
The radial artery is named because of its proximity to the radius.
Radial refers to emanating from a common central point.
The radial musculature of iris control the movement of eye.
Cyclostephanos dubius is characterized by radial stria.
Radial symmetry is present in Cnidarians.
Radial vascular bundle is found in root.
Radial vein combines with the ulnar veins to form the brachial vein.
Radiant refers to glowing object.
Radiant energy exists in a range of wavelengths.
Radiate refers to spread out from a centre.
Radiating refers to to proceed in a direct line from or toward a center.
Radiatio refers to form of emission and propagation.
He had to undergo the treatment of radiation for cancer.
The tumor mass was eradicated by total resection, followed by x - ray radiation.
The tumor mass was eradicated by total resection, followed by x - ray radiation.
Radiation is energy that comes from a source.
The patient underwent radical surgery for pilonidal sinus.
Redical refers to proceed directly from the root.
Radicle refers to the lower part of the axis of an embryo.
Radicula refers to the spinal form of nerve root.
Radicular refers to the root of a tooth.
Radicular Odontoma refers to get associated with a tooth root.
Radiculitis occurs between the intervertebral foramen and the nerve plexus.
Radiculoganglionitis is also known as acute idiopathic polyneuritis.
Radiectomy is also known as root amputation.
Radioactive iodine is used for scintigraphy scan.
Radioactive iodine is used for scintigraphy scan.
Radioactive can damage living tissue.
The radioactive fallout badly affected the animal population.
Radioactivity refers to the particles which are emitted from nucle.
Radiobiology is a new branch of science that deals with the effect of radiation on organism.
Radiocarpal belong to the radius and carpus.
Radio Common Carrier (RCC) refers to a service provider for public mobile service including radio paging and cellular telephone services.
Radiodermatitis refers to the skin inflammation.
Chest radiograph is also called as chest x - ray.
Radiographer is also known as X - ray technician.
Radiography of his left shoulder revealed anterior dislocation without evidence of fracture.
Radiography of his left shoulder revealed anterior dislocation without evidence of fracture.
Radiography of his left shoulder revealed anterior dislocation without evidence of fracture.
Body section radiography is also known as tomography.
Radioimmunity refers to lessened sensitivity to radiation.
Radioisotope can be used in medicine.
Radiolesion refers to the marks formed due to effects of radiation.
The message was sent through the radio link.
Radiologic refers to radiological in nature.
Radiologist is alos known as radio therapist.
Radiology is also known as radioscopy.
Radiolucent refers to shine.
Radiomimetic refers to a radiomimetic chemical.
Radio relay system is a technology of radio transmission system in which signals are received, conditioned and retransmitted by one or more intermediate radio stations.
Rradiation therapy is adviced for radiosensitive cases.
Radiotherapist is also known as radiologist.
Radiotherapy is also called as radiation therapy.
The Distal Radioulnar Articulation is also known as inferior radioulnar joint.
The Distal Radioulnar Articulation is a pivot - joint.
Radish is usually eaten as raw vegetable.
Radium is found in very small amounts in uranium ores.
The radious of a circle is half of the diameter.
The radious of this baloon is huge.
The patient sustained a fracture of his distal radius from an automobile accident.
The plural form of radius is radii.
Radix refers to the point of origin of a part or organ.
In computing, Radix complement is a technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers.
In computing, Radix Complement is a technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers.
In computing, Radix Complement is a technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers.
The radix complement of 13805310 is 86194710.
Radix exchange is a form of sorting by exchanging. It sorted data internally to the high speed memory of an electronic binary digital computer.
Radix numeration system is the writing system for numerals where positive integer is equivalent to one in the next higher counting place.
Radix point is a symbol used to separate the integral part from the fractional part of a number in a radix notation.
Radopholus species mainly attack banana crop.
Rags may be used to clean things.
Police raided a few homes.
The court has ordered to stop raids.
The soldiers raided the militant camps.
Rail has fractured due to the railway accident.
The parcels were sent through the rail mail service.
Railway transport is a type of road transport.
Railway administration has acquired the new building.
Railway board has declared the date for examination.
Railway credit notes will be issued.
Railway funds will be use for railway research and development.
Railway passes can be obtained from any station.
Goods will not be handed over without the railway receipt.
Now railway reservation is possible through the internet also.
The railway risks will be disposed off at the railway court.
Soldiers are given railway warrant.
Rain fall index is calculated on an average basis based on certain parameters.
Rain - fed areas are generally single crop areas and produce pulses and oilseeds etc.
Large parts of Rajasthan and Gujarat states in India came under rain - fed farming.
Rain marker, because of his qualities of showing excellent results becomes the key person in the organisation.
One feels less cold in a raised blanket.
Raised cheque has to be properly authenticated.
The employees were demanding pay raise.
Golden raisins are made from green grapes.
Rale is usually of morbid origin.
The rally is always a short surge in prices of shares.
Intraperitoneal pelvic cavity examination can be done by piercing the peritoneum at the deep inguinal ring or close to the fallopian tube.
RAM is the main memory of a computer which is available for program execution or data storage.
Ramentum is a single layer present on fern leaves and stems.
The result of ramification of bank branches has yielded positive results, profit earning.
Ramification refers to an offshoot.
Ramitis refers to the inflammation of a ramus.
Rami valvularum is present in arthropod.
Ramollissement makes the part like brain or liver to become soft.
Ramus can be a branch of a blood vessel or nerve.
Ramus anastomoticus is also known as anastomotic branch.
Ramus communicans is also known as white ramus communicans.
Rancescent refers to form rancid.
Rancid represents an unpleasant stale taste or smell.
The employees are worried at the random salaries.
The winners of the lottery will be drawn at random by computer on the specified date.
A random access enables us to read or write information anywhere in the file.
A random access enables us to read or write information anywhere in the file.
Random access device is a memory device in which any particular record can be find very easily and quickly.
Random access memory is the main memory of a computer which is available for program execution or data storage.
Random - access memory is the main memory of a computer which is available for program execution or data storage.
Random access sort helps in the selection of the optimum order of merge from many possible orders.
Random genetic drift cause due to sampling error.
Randomisation refers to a deliberately haphazard arrangement of observations.
In computer science, Randomized algorithm is an algorithm which employs a degree of randomness as part of a logic.
Random number allotted randomly using suitable generator.
A Random Number Generator is a device which designed to generate a sequence of numbers or symbols that lack any pattern.
The scientist was recording the random observations.
The standard deviation is estimated by examining a random sample taken from the population.
The random sampling of the data was done.
Random sampling is a method in which sample is selected randomly.
Random scan is a high resolution display system in which smooth lines are produced as the electron beam.
Random survey at best can present an overview of the situation.
He has the best range.
So long as he remained within range of vision no one paid any attention to him.
So long as he remained within range of vision no one paid any attention to him.
The investor will indicate range of prices to broker for buying or selling shares.
Ranine represents the region where the swelling occurs.
Ranine refers to connection with frogs and toads.
The person highest in rank will be promoted.
He is higher in rank than the other two.
Rank and file wants simple life.
What is your ranking in the merit list?
Ranula refers to a cyst that forms inside the tongue.
Ranular represents the connection with ranula.
RAPD is a typing method for many bacterial species.
The rape film helped to change police treatment of rape victims.
The rape film helped to change police treatment of rape victims.
Rape is a huge crime.
The root of raphanus sativus is edible.
In the brain stem close to where it joins the brain proper are the raphe nuclei and the locus ceruleus.
Raphe of penis a narrow dark streak or ridge.
Raphe is present on the dorsal surface of caterpillar.
Raphide is made of calcium carbonate or calcium oxalate.
Rapid access memory is a memory which can be accessed very rapidly.
Rapid access memory is a memory which can be accessed very rapidly.
The rapid action force was sent to the riot - affected area.
Rapid capital formation in I. T. industry has helped generating vast internal resources.
She can quickly establish a good rapport with the people she works with.
Raptorial leg is modified arthropod 's foreleg.
Raptus refers to a sudden recurrence of a disease.
There is an exhibition of rare photographs.
Radiographs showed extensive patches of rarefaction in the bones.
Rarefaction refers to process of rarefying.
Old painting of renowned artists have rarity value.
He is a rash driver.
The organization is in the hands of rash management.
She was noted to have an erythematous macular rash on her forehead.
Heat rash refers to the inflammatory skin condition.
She was noted to have an erythematous macular rash on her forehead.
Rash Feve is also known as blood fever.
Raspatory is also known as rugine or scalprum.
Worms have rasping month parts.
Raster is a data structure composed of a grid of cells or a scanning pattern of parallel lines that form the display of an image projected on a cathode - ray tube of a television set or display screen.
Raster is a data structure composed of a grid of cells or a scanning pattern of parallel lines that form the display of an image projected on a cathode - ray tube of a television set or display screen.
In a display space raster count is the total number of raster scanning lines.
In a Raster display device, cathode - ray tube halted the raster scan until the computation is complete and then it is detected by coincidence of a computation signal and line sync.
Raster graphics are digital images that stores the images as a collection of pixels.
Raster graphics are digital images that stores the images as a collection of pixels.
Raster grid is a data structure as a horizontal and vertical lines which stores pixels.
Raster plotter is a type of drawing machine that produces images composed of groups of dots.
Raster scan is the rectangular pattern of image which Displaying, readout, capturing, transmission, storage, and reconstruction video image line by line.
Raster unit is the vertical or horizontal distance between two addressable points on a display screen.
Neuroscientists developed an animal model that involved injecting rats with reserpine or tetrabenazine.
What would be the ratable value of this product?
There has been an increase in the rate of the items.
The infant mortality rate had stood at 121 per 1, 000 live births.
The rate of photosynthesis increases during sunlight.
The rateable value of the property is fixed by the corporation areawise.
The rateable value of the property is fixed by the corporation areawise.
The property tax department of the corporation is responsible for deciding rateable value of the property according to fixed parameters.
The property tax department of the corporation is responsible for deciding rateable value of the property according to fixed parameters.
The rateable value has been fixed.
The lowest birthrates are in the more developed countries, where food is most abundant.
Fee will be paid as per the rate capacity.
It is mandatory to display the rate card on the ration shops.
Obtain the rate card from the clerk.
The rated capacity of this lift is 10 persons.
Rated securities give an idea about the fundamental value of the security.
The prices of the commodities have been mentioned in the rate list.
A change has been done in the rate list.
Rate making is a technical job in banking transactions.
This product should have rate of charge.
Rate of duty on different items of import is different.
Investments will be made according to the rate of exchange.
The rate of growth of India 's economy has been better than many other countries of the world during the current year.
The rate of interest on this saving scheme is 5 persent.
Rate of issue is also considered in the form of implied repo rate.
What is the yearly rate of taxation?
Rate overnight depend on the need of money and its availability.
The rate payer should be given some discount.
The rate payers will be identified.
In the wake of financial sector reforms rate regime is no more in practice.
Rate regulation in the banking sector is entrusted to RBI.
What is the rate of advertising?
Rates and base are decided by the high level committee of the government.
Each bank has to declare and publish their rate schedule.
What is the rate of reduction for this tax?
Obtain the rate structure from the purchases department.
The rate value is reviewed from time to time.
The rate war in housing loan is to secure maximum share.
A new committee has been constituted by the government for ratification.
A rating agency has to be impartial and competent in their area of work.
A rating agency has to be impartial and competent in their area of work.
Different rating agencies use different rating scale for assigning a grade like A +, A, AA, etc.
The money will be distributed according to the ratio.
Ratio represents a relationship between two quantities.
Ratio control is a method of control in which a predetermined ratio between two or more variables is maintained.
The work relating to ratio estimate is a technical and skilled job.
The weekly ration was given to the soldier
This is not a rational decision.
Rational refers to have the ability to reason.
A rational consumer would give a judicious feedback about the product.
The problem can be resolved by rational decisions.
Rational formula represents a prescription for the preparation of a medicinal compound.
This topic needs rationalisation.
Rationalisation of procedure will not only eliminate delay in processing of loan proposals it will also reduce cost.
Rationalization of Linguistics was done by the linguists.
Rational languages are defined as the set of strings for which some rational series assigns non - zero values.
The ration allowance will be included in the monthly salary.
The rationing was sponsored for the soldiers.
The sum will be distributed by rationing of credit.
Rauwolfia serpentina has twisted limbs and roots resembling serpents.
Provide raw materials as soon as possible.
The production has been stopped due to the unavailability of the raw material.
Raw produce when converted into finished goods can be pledged.
Raw products will be used for further production.
Raw products cannot be sold in the market.
One should not consume raw tobacco.
Raw value is an estimated value.
The Earth is bombarded by gamma rays all the time, but usually there aren 't enough to do any damage to us.
Ray represents the expose to radiation.
The effect of x ray on cell.
Ray floret is a small flower found in composite family.
Raynaud 's Disease refers to disease named for French physician Maurice Raynaud.
Raynaud 's disease is also called as Raynaud' s phenomenon.
Government assistance will be provided for the production of rayon and art silk.
Industries will be set up for rayon and synthetic fibre.
Ray 's Mania represents the moral insanity.
Ultraviolet rays are necessary for our body to produce vitamin D, a substance that helps to strengthen the bones and safeguards against diseases such as Rickets.
Diuretics inhibit sodium and water reabsorption in the nephron.
Reachability is used in graph theory. It is a notion of being able to get from one vertex in a directed graph to some other vertex.
Reachability is used in graph theory. It is a notion of being able to get from one vertex in a directed graph to some other vertex.
A reachability matrix is a binary matrix with a reflexive and transitive property.
A reachability matrix is a binary matrix with a reflexive and transitive property.
The reaction of this chemical on skin is unknown.
An enzyme is a highly active protein that accelerates a chemical reaction.
Chemical reaction refers to a change in which a substance is changed into one or more new substances.
The medicine when used on the plant it showed a adverse reaction causing its death.
Reactionary opposes political or social change.
Reactivate make a reaction active again.
Reactivation will take 24 hours.
Reactivation make some process active again.
Reactivative refers to reactivate.
Reactive refers to characterized by reaction.
Reactive depression is also called as situational depression.
Cross - reaction refers to the reaction between an antigen and an antibody.
Read is a complex cognitive process which means language acquisition of communication and of sharing information and ideas.
A film memory is like a core memory. The data read from film must be written back into the film for permanent storage. This portion of the storage cycle is known as the Read and restore cycle.
Read cycle time is the time which computer takes to read one unit of information (one byte).
Reader is a software application that enable us to read eBooks or any application on Windows - based devices.
Through reader - copier we can store, read & edit data.
Through reader - copier we can store, read & edit data.
Reader interpreter identifies the control information contained in the input string and stores it in the appropriate control list.
Reader printer is a optical device which processes light waves to enhance an image for viewing.
Reader printer is a optical device which processes light waves to enhance an image for viewing.
Reader printer is a optical device which processes light waves to enhance an image for viewing.
Read error is the failure that occurs when the computer or device is attempting to read something.
Read head is a device which converts digital or analog information stored on a magnetic or optical medium into electrical signals.
Readily marketable goods are preferred by the small traders.
Loans which are readily realisable can be advanced at a lesser rate of interest.
Loans which are readily realisable can be advanced at a lesser rate of interest.
Readiness to serve cost depend how much would be the cost.
Light is enough for reading.
Through reading we can understand and interpret something that is written or printed.
Through reading we can understand and interpret something that is written or printed.
You can read encoded data through reading head device.
The students were sitting in the reading room.
Read instruction is a message or command to read instructions related to specific application.
Let the readjudication cases be put forward the review committee.
The scientist readjusted the quantity of the chemicals.
Re - adjustment of the entry will rectify the mistake.
In computing, 'read - only' attribute provided by all operating systems which means something that can be read but not written to or modified.
Read only memory is a type of storage media which contain data and normally can only be read not written or modified.
Read only memory is a type of storage media which contain data and normally can only be read not written or modified.
My computer can read - out this text.
My computer can read - out this text.
Readout device is very useful device to read the data.
Read - Process - Write is a pattern which transforms the initial data into a new form.
Read rate is the maximum rate at which data can be read from a tag expressed in bits or bytes per second.
In computer science, Read scatter is an input operation that places various segments of an input record into non contiguous areas in central memory.
Read station means which location can be varied through fine adjustments and the data of a radio frequency identification system transmitted to the read station.
Read time is the time required for the output data to become valid once the read.
The product was readvertised.
Read write channel is a term that refers to an advanced and high - performance input / output architecture. It is a path in which information is transmitted between the central processing unit of a computer.
Read / write cycle is the 'basic' data transfer cycle.
Read / write process is the process of read and write data on a disk.
Read / write storage is the main memory of a computer which is available for program execution or data storage.
Drop wire can be attached to the terminals located inside the ready access terminal.
The ready built flats are shown to the customers.
Payment by ready cash can fetch a discount in the bargain.
His application is in ready condition.
Ready delivery contract note has been sent to the investor.
Ready light is used in flash file.
The ready made plan was accepted by the organizing committee.
A ready made plan may not be location specific.
There is a limit upto which ready money / chest money can be kept in the branch.
A dictionary is a ready reckoner.
His application is in ready condition.
His application is in ready condition.
Delivery from ready stock may be made on priority basis.
Ready transaction can be finalised without delay.
If clear positive results are not obtained with two monoclonal anti - D reagents, it is safer to classify the patient as D negative.
Reagent is used to produce other substances.
What is the identification of the real notes?
Real address is used to differentiate from a virtual address.
Availability of real capital in business gives a confidence to take risk.
A real constant has one numeric storage unit in a storage sequence.
The real earning of this employee is very less.
Real effective exchange rate is also known as nominal effective exchange rate.
Pay the tax for real estate.
Real exchange economy is not planned or controlled by a central authority.
Real exchange economy is not planned or controlled by a central authority.
Realignments take place frequently in a political process.
The real income is much more than the in hand income.
How much real investment done by investor?
Realisability of dues may be ascertained before initiating legal action.
Realisable assets of the borrower have been identified.
The realizable value is lower than the invested amount.
The total realisation of the overdue amount has shown improvement.
There are recovery related entries in the realisation account.
The task of realisation of outstanding has been assigned to two field inspectors.
Realised profit may be taken to Profit and Loss account.
Very few people know the reality of the leader.
Ministry of Railways has discovered new methods of realizing money.
He realizes money by selling the old artifacts.
He realized his mistake much later.
Reallocation of duties is required to be done in the wake of additional work assigned to the branch.
Real money is a store of value and an acceptable mode of exchange.
Real money is a store of value and an acceptable mode of exchange.
Regional properties are included in the real property.
The real purchasing power of this copamy is unknown to the workers.
The real sector is facing some difficulty in the current period of slowdown.
Real storage is the memory that can be directly accessed by the CPU where CPU constantly interacts with it and execute the instructions as per the requirements.
In real terms wages have fallen due to inflation.
Real time is the time which takes by computer for a process.
Real - time clock is a clock used by a computer that keeps track of time and which continues working when the computer is switched off.
Computer takes real time to boot up.
Real Time Gross settlement process has made transfer of funds easy.
Real Time Monitoring Software provides real - time view of individual user activity on a network.
Real time operation is a data processing which fast enough to keep up with an outside process.
Real time processing is a data processing which fast enough to keep up with an outside process.
He sent the reapplication to the authorities.
The reapplication of rules was not useful.
The notice on reappointment will be issued tomorrow.
Circular for re appointment has been released.
Inform the finance department after reappropriation of funds.
The suspended labourers will be reinstated in the reappropriation.
The distribution has been indicated in the reappropriation budget.
Reappropriation of funds is necessary.
The process of plant rearing is of vast importance as it may help in increasing the plant population.
Specify the reason for absence.
This is not a reasonable price of the product.
The reasoning of the offiecr is usually very convincing.
Parliament has approved the reassessed budget.
The defence strength can be determined by reassessment.
The rebate has been extended upto 30th September.
Rebate on a bill is allowed if payment is made before the due date.
Rebate on a bill is allowed if payment is made before the due date.
Sudden withdrawal of Catapres, particularly in those patients receiving high doses, may result in rebound hypertension.
Rebound tenderness refers to the pain occurs upon sudden release of abdominal pressure.
Rebreathing refers to rebreath previously exhaled gases.
He rebuted the statement of the officer.
Recalcification refers to the restoration to the tissues of calcium salts.
Strict action against recalcitrant borrower has to be initiated.
Identify the recalcitrant debtors and recover the amount.
He recalled the general body meeting.
He recalled the sponserers for a new deal.
A list of all recalled advances may be put up before branch advisory committee.
Recanalisation of the occluded artery is done to revascularise endangered ischemic brain.
The institution needs recapitalization.
Recapitalisation of banks has become necessary to save them from any shock of growing NPAs.
All the recapitulation statements will be released tomorrow.
Recapture clause is a usual provision made in loan agreements.
The Recardian Theory of Rent is relative to the use of marginal land for the same purpose with same inputs of labour and capital.
Copy of recast ledger account may be sent to the account holder.
The truck receded from the road.
The rain receded after two days.
Record the receipts in one place.
Record the receipts in the receipts register.
The total receipts from sale of old furniture may be taken to Profit and Loss account.
A separate counter for receipt and delivery has been opened.
A centralised receipt and despatch section is working in the bank.
A centralised receipt and despatch section is working in the bank.
Very few receipts are remaining in the receipt book.
Keep the receipt certificate safely.
Do take the receipt from the receipt clerk.
Do bring the receipted challan with you.
Make entry of the received items in the receipt register.
The receipt register has been kept with the head clerk.
A new department will be opened for receipts and disbursements.
Inconsistencies have been found in the receipts and issues.
Receipt and payment account is generally prepared by non - business organisations like corporate societies / clubs etc.
Collect the receipts and recoveries on capital accounts by the 31st December.
Receipts counter will receive all cheques or cash to be deposited in bank.
The received amount is entered on the receipt side.
Receipts scroll has to be initiated at the end of the day by the authorised official.
The cash receipt voucher is maintained.
Receivable interest has been calculated as at the end of December.
All receivables are reviewed at the end of each quarter.
Army received the President.
One copy of the received challan is given to the depositor.
Obtain the received waste book from the departmental clerk.
Receive only means an earth station which receives transmissions but does not transmit it.
The receiver was given the assigned money.
Receiver is an electronic device which receives radio or tv signals and converted it into an useful information.
A vessel can act as receiver for receiving and containing gases.
Receiving cashier 's scroll should tally with the cash receipts of the day.
This is a recent policy by the government.
The work on the new project is in progress.
Use metal receptacles with closely fitting lids for waste such as floor sweepings.
Use metal receptacles with closely fitting lids for waste such as floor sweepings.
The receptacle of the plant bears the strawberry fruit.
Receptaculum refers to vesicular organ to receive and retain a fluid.
The receptaculum seminis is being observed to vary in size from sample to sample.
The receptionist was sitting at the reception counter.
The reception room was near the main entrance of the office.
The receptive cells were mutiplying fast.
The society is receptive to the government proposals.
The receptive apparatus in the organisms are seen to be fully developed.
The researchers studied the gene for the androgen receptor, which is located on the X - chromosome.
Stretch receptor refers to a sensory receptor in a muscle.
The receptors are present on the outer surface as small pores.
Olfactory receptor cells are very slender nerve cells with large nuclei.
The afternoon recess was for two hours.
Melatonin was found to enter directly the CSF through the pineal recess in humans.
Currently there is recession in the country 's economy.
She had localized gingival recession around the area of her lip piercing.
Recession refers to the act of withdrawing or going back.
The current recessionary phase may continue longer than expected.
Dwarfism from impaired longitudinal growth of bones is a recessive trait that affects males more strongly than females.
Recessive is a condition that appears only in individuals who have received two copies of a mutant gene,
The mutation is said to be recessive in nature.
Dwarfism from impaired longitudinal growth of bones is a recessive character that affects males more strongly than females.
Recessive character refers to the inherited character determined by a recessive gene.
The color of the dog is black because of the presence of red colored recessive genes.
Recessiveness tend to process that tend to go.
Recessus refers to a small hollow.
Recessus cochlearis is also known as cochlear recess.
Recessus Ellipticus refers as the alliptical recess.
Rechecking of all industrial machines is essential.
The Soup Kitchen is a new charity cookbook containing recipes for fresh seasonal soups.
Recipe refers to take the adviced medicines.
He is the recipient of the merit scholarship.
The recipient of his kidney is a 64 - year - old female.
There is a reciprocal connection between different nations.
There is a reciprocal commercial exchange between India and China.
He had a balanced reciprocal translocation involving chromosomes 8 and 12.
He had a balanced reciprocal translocation involving chromosomes 8 and 1
Reciprocal arrangement between two countries in trade matters have doubled the trade in one year.
Reciprocal buying will not create trade imbalances.
The reciprocal demand increases with the rise in purchasing power.
The applied force is balanced by a reciprocal force elsewhere in the dentition or surrounding structures.
Reciprocal stimulation of agonist and antagonist pairs can be an effective way of reducing spasticity.
The reciprocal trade create a mutual relationship.
Cultures must reciprocate among themselves.
There is reciprocity in each administrative job.
The reciprocity clause in the recent trade agreement with Bangladesh has been widely welcomed in both the countries.
The recitation of poem won him an award.
One cannot be reckless to the governmental works.
Reckless action was taken by the police in this case.
One should not be reckless in the share market.
Reckless inflation of credit will increase the NPAs in the bank.
Recklessness while driving is an indicator of accident.
Population is reckoned every 10 years.
All the imported items must be reckoned.
The bank is providing a reckonable service.
The team reclaimed their title from the rivals.
Reclaimed products are sold at cheaper rates in the market.
Land reclamation is essential in an economy.
Reclassification was forced on the employees.
Reclination is considered as a prone position.
Reclining refers to the bending back from the perpendicular.
A recognised agent can be trusted.
One should invest in a recognised provident fund to secure one 's future.
He was awarded Padma - Bhushan as a recognition for his services in thequalifying sector.
Identity cards should be made for individual recognition.
Recognition character is the font which is specially designed to read magnetic pulses unambiguously.
Recognition device is the device which is used to recognise any signal or character.
This is a recognizable institution of aviation.
This is a recognizable effort from your side.
His recognizance was recorded by the lawer.
It is easy to recognize a person through an identity card.
The RBI has ordered for the recoinage of old coins.
The RBI has ordered for the recoinage of old coins.
He was recollecting the childhood memories.
The recombinant DNA is being produced by the process of transplantation.
The process of gene recombination was carried out in the laboratory by manipulating the genetic material.
The officer recommended the product of his company.
The recommendation of this officer can not be ignord.
A recomendatory letter was submitted by the student.
This is a recommended water purifier.
Recompile means to compile again.
Recompile means to compile again.
It is the task of the human resources department to reconcile the differences among the different departments.
Reconciled figures may be sent to the Head Office.
Reconciled figures may be sent to the Head Office.
It is advisable to reconcile the discrepancies in the government policies.
There should be reconciliation of the contrary political views.
Reconciliation of accounts was sent by the bank to the customers.
One time reconciliation of debt is permissible under certain circumstances.
Without reconciliation of figures annual report cannot be finalised.
Without reconciliation of figures annual report cannot be finalised.
Reconciliation statements were sent to both the parties.
The industrial tools can be reconditioned for using again.
There is need for reconsideration on the nuclear deal.
Reconsigning charges may be borne by the sender.
Reconsigment is on the same terms and conditions.
Reconstitution of the dried food was done by adding the water.
Reconstruction of the closed units should be done.
The reconstruction of capital of the unit will enable it to raise more resources for business operations.
The reconstruction of file was advised.
She recently underwent a knee reconstructive surgery.
The crop loan account of the borrower has been designated as term loan account on conversion as reconversion account.
Reconversion facility of cash credit account is available for converting it to term loan account.
While deciding for reconveyance certain legal aspects are required to be kept in view.
The important issues were recorded for discusion.
The conditions of the settlement were recorded.
All the medical records are needed for employment.
India made a record at the 2008 Olympics.
480C temperature was recorded in the summer.
Self - report and review of medical records are the most common methods for the assessment of past exposures.
In computer science, record is a data structure where Storage record is used for a basic input / output structure and Boot record used to start an operating system.
Record block is a set of adjacent data characters recorded on some storage medium.
All the principles are available in the record book.
When we want to count that how many records are in a given SQL result set than we use record count.
The record date is relevant for being entitled to get certain benefits like dividend / rights shares etc.
Record description provided useful information on the content and organizational structure of archival holdings.
Sending registered A / D mail is a type of recorded delivery service provided by postal department.
The record format defines that data is tagged or labeled and stored in electronic computer - readable media.
Record gap is a gap between index records.
Record group is a set of logically and functionally related control tables and views.
Record head is a magnetic head that records a sound source by converting the electrical analog of the sound into a magnetic signal for storage on magnetic tape.
Recording was done of the speeches of the witnesses.
Recording density means the number of bits or amount of data that can be stored in a unit length of magnetic tape.
Recording head is a magnetic head that records a sound source by converting the electrical analog of the sound into a magnetic signal for storage on magnetic tape.
Recording head is a magnetic head that records a sound source by converting the electrical analog of the sound into a magnetic signal for storage on magnetic tape.
The sounds were collected through the recording machine.
Recording medium is a device for storing information or data.
The recording of file was not clear.
The economic development figures were presented by the record keeper.
Record key is the key where columns or fields are uniquely identify the record.
Record length is a numeric value which tells the size of any particular record.
Record mark is a symbol used to identify the beginning or end of a record.
In telecommunication, record medium is the physical medium on which information is stored in recoverable form.
In telecommunication, record medium is the physical medium on which information is stored in recoverable form.
Record name is the name of a particular record.
Record number is the sequential number that identifies the sequence of a record in a database.
All employees have their individual records of service.
The record of service was given to him on the day of retirement.
Relevant records are kept in the record room.
Record sheet is a sheet or printed form for keeping the record.
Record sheet is a sheet or printed form for keeping the record.
Record storage mark is a special character which appears only in the record storage unit of the card reader to limit the length of the record read into storage.
Record text is a function which records the small chunks of text.
Record type is a kind of information in the database.
He recouped his initial investments.
We shall do the recoupment of our investment of the first year.
The seller did the recoupment of imprest of the customer.
Recourse to surgery was the only option that she had.
The negotiations of bills done by the banks are generally done with the recourse facility.
The bank recovered the loan.
He recovered his property from the burglers.
He recoverd from a prolonged illness.
The losses due to inflation are recoverable.
Recoverable error is a type of error in which system will not fail but data can be loss.
Banks can give recoverable payment.
The court made recoveries through confiscature.
Government made recoveries of advances through auction.
The plaintiff demanded recoveries of expenditure from the opponent for the dispute.
The recoveries of service payments were made to the employees through the governmental units.
Recovery management support is design for data protection, execution continuity and disaster recovery challenges.
Recovery management support is design for data protection, execution continuity and disaster recovery challenges.
Looking to the present slowdown in the market recovery of cost is hardly possible.
The recovery of dues will be completed in this month.
A post of recovery officer is there among the government jobs.
The recovery of loss will be done from the worker 's salary.
Provisions for the recovery of losses were made in the budget.
Special field staff has been deployed for recovery of outstanding in the branch.
Recovery percentage of old loans is very poor.
The annual performance report of the branch staff depend on their recovery performance.
Recovery procedure is the action necessary to restore an automated information system 's data files and computational capability after a system failure.
The recovery proceedings were made by the court.
A set procedure for recovery proceedings has to be followed.
Recovery room is made to give relief after certain operation.
Recovery routine resolves automatically conditions created by errors without shut down the computer system or serious damage.
The banks settle recovery schedules from time to time.
Recovery system is a system for recognizing a malfunction in a data - base management system, reporting it, reconstructing the damaged part of the data base, and resuming processing.
Recovery system is a system for recognizing a malfunction in a data - base management system, reporting it, reconstructing the damaged part of the data base, and resuming processing.
There should be a recreation hall in every office.
The company recruited two managers.
The recruit of the officer raised many questions.
The recruiting authority was bised.
Recruitment of trained soldiers was done in the army.
The recruitment rules should be known to every member of recruiting authority.
She was recently diagnosed with a rectal cancer.
Ractal refers to belong with rectum.
Rectal abscess is also known as anal abscess.
During rectal anesthesia absorption is unpredictable.
Rectalgia is also known as proctalgia.
The rectal gland was cut open for the process of examination.
The rectal papilla was seen to be covered by the parasites.
Rectal prolapse can be either partial or complete.
The rectal temperature of their 28 - day - old neonate is found to be 37. 8 C.
Rectectomy is also known as proctectomy.
Some mistakes are subject to rectification.
Rectification can also be a useful tool in adjusting a known birth time as in many cases the actual birth time recorded has been rounded up.
Rectification refers to set right.
We have marked the rectification entries in the essays.
The linguists do rectification of errors in the grammar of a language.
Rectification of misclassification of words should be done for the purity of the language.
The government made a rectification of mistakes by eliminating its faulty policies.
Rectified refers to remove the impurities.
Mistakes must be rectified.
Rectify is also known as correct.
Rectify refers to make anything right by adjustment.
Recti - minores arise from the most posterior of the three ridges.
Rection of irregularities is a necessity.
Rectitis is also known as proctitis.
Legal principles are there on the recto of the open book.
A rectocele results from a tear in the rectovaginal septum.
Rectoplexy is also known as rectopexia.
Rectoplasty is also known as proctoplasty.
Rectoscope is also known as proctoscope.
Rectoscopy is also known as proctoscopy.
Rectosigmoid neoplasm is a tumor that originates in the upper rectal area.
Rectosigmoidectomy is a swenson procedure for Hirschsprung 's disease.
Rectostenosis is also known as proctostenosis.
Rectouterine fold is a fold of the peritoneum.
A rectovaginal fistula is an epithelial - lined tract.
Rectovesical pouch is a type of sac in males.
He had a past medical history of prolapsed rectum.
The rectum is about eight inches long in length.
The rectum of the organisms is being studied and is is found just next to the anus.
Rectus is also known as the rectus abdominis
Recumbent refers to a suggestive of repose.
Lateral recumbent position is also known as Sims' position.
Recuperate refers to regain health or strength.
He returned to work as a bartender following his recuperation from the surgery.
Recuperation refers to regain its profit.
Recurrence refers to return to a previous condition.
He had a history of recurrent chest infection dating from his teenage.
He had a history of recurrent chest infection dating from his teenage.
Recurrent refers to intermittent.
Recurrent abortion is also known as habitual abortion.
Recurrent fever is also known as relapsing fever.
The structure is such that there are very less chances of the recurrent nerve getting injured.
Recurring business between the buyer and seller regulates the market.
Deposits in recurring adds to the propensity to save.
Recurring billing is a routine process in raising of bills.
There is a tradition of recurring charges in the technical sector due to the presence of less trained.
Recurring charges are added to each bill.
The recurring deposit will be refunded.
High salaries attract recurring expenditure.
The company had to be closed due to recurring expenditure.
Government has made a policy for recurring grants for the flood victims.
Recursion theorem is a method of defining functions where each term determined by application of a formula to preceding terms, such as a polynomial.
Recursive acronym is an abbreviation of a formula that generates the successive terms of a recursion.
Recursive function is the function that uses recursion and can call itself until a certain condition is met.
Recursiveness is a quality pertaining to recursive which uses a rule or procedure that can be applied repeatedly.
A recursive relation is an equation that defines a sequence recursively.
Recursive routine is a routine that can call itself.
Recursive routine is a routine that can call itself.
A recursive rule is one which can be applied over and over again to its own output.
A set of natural numbers is called recursive set. There should be an algorithm that decides when a number is in the set.
Recurvation refers to curve something downward.
Recurved refers to become curved backward.
Proper recycling of funds will ensure better returns.
Red is the warmest of all colors.
The botanist has written a report on more than 5000 red algae species.
RBC contain hemoglobinhemoglobin which carries oxygen.
Red Blood Cells is also known as erythrocytes RBCs.
The blood test performed revealed his red blood corpuscles count was 17. 5.
The blood test performed revealed his red cell count was 17. 5.
Under red clause (letter of credit) loans may be made available to the beneficiary prior to the shipment of the goods.
There is a red concentrated tobacco area in Madhya Pradesh.
Red corpuscle is also known as erythrocyte.
He redeemed the plot by his acting.
He redeemed the plot by his acting.
Redeemable debentures are common type of debentures issued by companies.
A fixed number of redeemable preference shares were issued.
In case of redeemed debentures the debenture scrips are required to be cancelled.
The country needs to be protected by redemption of harmful foreign tendencies.
Redemption charges will be effective from the next year.
Income tax is a sort of redemption fee.
Redemption of bond has been done on the date of maturity.
One of the methods of redemption of capital is buy back of capital by the company from share holders.
Farmers are incapable of paying redemption of debt.
He was trying for the redemption of mortage.
With redemption of mortgage the mortgaged property or documents have to be returned / released by the lending institution.
Redemption price may be fixed in advance or can be negotiated also.
Redemption reserves can be used for the purpose of redeeming a liability as earmarked.
The redemption value is calculated on the predetermined rate of return on a bond.
The redemption yield is worked out with reference to a time period as per set formula.
Red Gown refers to the minute red colour spots in infants.
Red Gum refers to the red colour papular eruption in the infants.
The exudate is blood - stained in Quantcast red hepatization.
The availability of foods for the country 's each person is a red hot priority demand.
A red hot priority demand was placed for computers in the office.
These priorities should be included in the list of red hot priority demand.
Red induration is seen in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Red ink interest is a method of calculating and showing interest in an account.
India 's power capacity should be redirected.
India 's power capacity should be redirected.
The redirected proposal was not sanctioned by the authorities.
Selected institutions have been authorised to undertake bill rediscounting activities.
Redistribution of national wealth is necessary in India.
Duties of many ministers were changed in the redistribution of charges.
Redistributive impact will be studied and reported as desired.
Red lead is also known as minium.
Red marrow is the red vascular substance.
A redraft bill will also include the cost and charges for the protested bill.
A redraft bill will also include the cost and charges for the protested bill.
The redress for this harm was not given.
It is your right to demand for the redressal of unfair judgement.
For redressal of grievances in complaints against banks in connection with banking business banking ombudsman has been appointed.
For redressal of grievances in complaints against banks in connection with banking business banking ombudsman has been appointed.
Redressement refers to correct the defects.
Most of the tree were destroyed by the red ring disease.
The red ring nematode is being transported to the wound of the tree by the ant.
This company practices redtapism.
Government should take steps to reduce unemployment.
Reduce refers to diminish.
Reduce refers to decay.
If an edge, a, is removed from a given graph G, the resulting graph, denoted G 'a is referred to as a reduced graph.
Reduced Instruction Set Computer is a kind of computer architecture that has a relatively small set of computer instructions that it can operate at a higher speed.
Due to glut in the market for certain electronics products reduced offerings are being made for them.
A reduced (worn out) coin may no longer be usable.
Reducible refers to be able to reduce.
Reducible hernia occurs either spontaneously or after manipulation.
Reduction in per capita income is mandatory for balance in the economy.
The doctor reported significant reduction in his blood cholesterol levels.
Reduction represents repositioning.
Porse in the plants are produced by the process of reduction division.
There is a need for the reduction of capital in the market.
The redundancy of the work was explained by the group leader.
Redundancy is the duplication of components of a system to increasing reliability of the system in case of failure.
In the case of disk failure, redundancy of data has some disk arrays which provides fault tolerance through which all or part of the data stored in the array can be recovered.
The impact of redundancy of factors has to be studied carefully.
Redundant array of Inexpensive / Independent Node is a technology that allowed computer users to achieve high levels of storage reliability from low - cost and less reliable PC - class disk - drive components.
The redundant staff of our company was done away with.
Reduplicate refers to double.
Reduplication is a morphological process.
Her visual disturbance was associated with severe, throbbing headache with reeling of the head and nausea.
The workers took to street demanding re - employment.
The re - employment of terminated workers is a serious issue.
He re - encoded the copmany policies.
Practice to re - endorse an instrument is a common practice in trading activities.
Reengineering is the modification of a software system that takes place after it has been reverse engineered, generally to add new functionality or to correct errors.
Reenlargement is the act of enlarging, increasing size and magnifying again.
Reenterable program is a routine which can be shared by several tasks concurrently.
Reenterable routine is a program which can be shared by several tasks concurrently.
Reenterable subroutine is a computer program which is described as reentrant where routine can be re - entered while it is already running.
Reentrance code is a programming routine that can be used by multiple programs simultaneously.
Re - entrant can be describes as a computer program or routine that is written so that the same copy in memory can be shared by multiple users.
Reentrance code is a programming routine that can be used by multiple programs simultaneously.
Reentrance code is a programming routine that can be used by multiple programs simultaneously.
Re - entrant program is a routine which can be shared by several tasks concurrently.
Re - entrant routine is a program which can be shared by several tasks concurrently.
Re - entrant subroutine is a computer program which is described as reentrant where routine can be re - entered while it is already running.
Fees will be charged for re entry.
Fees will be charged for re entry.
Re - entry of cases is good.
Re - entry in this hall is not possible.
A fee of Rs. 10 will be charged for re examination.
Re - examination of this matter is necessary.
Re - examination the decision was done by the authority.
The students will be re examined on 12th November.
He re - examined the candidates.
In the process of re exchange of one currency to another one has to pay commission again.
Re - export of exported goods at a destinations is permitted under certain conditions.
Refer this document to the higher authority for consideration.
This paragraph refers to the events of the year gone by.
Often the principal acts as referee for the students.
It is the option of the holder to resort to a referee in case of need or not.
There is reference to someone 's credentials in the letter.
In computer science, reference means a code that identifies where a piece of information is stored in computer.
Presumptive address is an expression which is used in the calculation of storage addresses for computers.
Reference bit represents a bit on which we want to concentrate during our programming.
Reference bit represents a bit on which we want to concentrate during our programming.
The reference books are available in the library.
In computing, reference clock is a clock signal frequency that is coordinated upon multiple times per cycle, as compared to the effective bandwidth produced by the multiplier effect.
Reference data is typically shared by multiple users and groups across an organization and stored on different systems.
Reference data is typically shared by multiple users and groups across an organization and stored on different systems.
In character recognition, reference edge is the edge of a source document which provides the basis of all subsequent reading processes.
Reference file is a term which refers to the voice file that has been sent through a network during Voice Quality Testing.
Reference in case of need phrase facilitate things in case of some urgent clarifications etc. is required.
Reference language is a sign, symbol or gesture which represents any specific language.
In telecommunication, reference noise is the magnitude of circuit noise chosen as a reference for measurement.
The page number can be determined from the reference number.
Reference rate my be LIBOR or some other rate.
Reference record is an output of a compiler that lists the operations and their positions in the final specific routine and contains information describing the segmentation and storage allocation of the routine.
The reference register is kept with the receptionist.
Reference string is an optional used to differentiate between two interface instances of the same class for a single device.
In a digital computer, reference time is the instant near the beginning of switching that is chosen as a reference for time measurements.
In a digital computer, reference time is the instant near the beginning of switching that is chosen as a reference for time measurements.
Referrencing of his project made him proud.
Referendum is essential on any political issue.
In a relational database, referential integrity means consistency between two tables which prevents users or applications from entering inconsistent data.
This is the illness requiring referral to hospital.
Refer to drawer is a reason for non - payment of the cheque which is understand to mean that sufficient funds are not available in the account.
NABARD is the refinancing agency for obtaining refinance for agricultural loans.
The price of the oil rises when it is refined.
Refine refers to free from impurities.
The process of refined oil vaporising is very complex.
The process of refined oil vaporising is very complex.
The refixation of pay was done by the organization.
There are various methods adopted to initiate the process of reflation like encourage banks to lend more, reduce tax etc.
The success reflected on the faces of the employees.
Reflection is the process by which a computer program can observe and modify its own structure at runtime.
Reflection represents throwing back a ray of light from any surface.
Reflective scan is a scanning technique in which the light source is aimed at a reflective surface to illuminate the photosensor.
Reflectivity is the fraction of radiant energy that is reflected from a surface.
Reflector refers to anything that reflects.
Primitive reflexes are originated in the central nervous system.
Reflex Accommodation involves pupil contraction and increase lens convexity.
An example of reflex action is when one steps upon a sharp object with the bare foot, the foot is withdrawn without any act of will and before the sensation has reached the brain.
Reflex action is an involuntary action.
Reflex Amaurosis occur without pathological changes to the eye.
A reflex arc refers the neural pathway.
Reflex Epilepsy is also known as environmental epilepsy.
Reflexogenic refers to that cause any reflex.
Reflexograph refers to measure the reflex.
Reflexometer is used to excite a reflex.
Reflex Paralysis has its direct relation to the sympathetic nervous system.
Reflex symptom refers to changes to the nerve reflexes.
Acid reflux is an abnormal condition in which acid in the stomach rises up into the esophagus.
The policies of reform should be discussed.
Refract refers to alter by viewing through a medium.
Refractile refers to describe granules within cells that scatter light.
In 1833, Hamilton announced his discovery of conical refraction of light.
Refraction refers to the bending of light as it passes from one substance to another.
Refraction is the turning or bending of light or sound wave, when it passes from one medium into another of different optical density.
Refractionist refers also to optometrist.
The refractive index is also known as index of refraction.
Refractive index is constant for pure substances under standard conditions.
The earliest forms of interferometer known as Jamin 's refractometer.
Refractometry refers to the art to know the index of refraction.
Refractory refers to be stubbornly disobedient.
He refrained himslef from smoking.
He was refrained from justice.
Biliary atresia is a refractory disease.
Biliary atresia is a refractory disease.
To work properly, refresh the screen first.
To work properly, refresh the screen first.
Refresher courses are necessary in the technical age.
There is an provision for refreshments after the meeting.
The distribution of refreshments was started.
The refreshment room in the office is on the left side.
Refreshments may be had from the refreshment room.
The ideal refrigerant must have good thermodynamic properties.
Refrigeration refers to the state of being cooled.
Collection of blood from satellite refrigerators is also a major root cause of transfusion accidents.
Collection of blood from satellite refrigerators is also a major root cause of transfusion accidents.
Refrigerator works for storing food or other substances at a low temperature.
The refuge to war affected was offered by this country.
The refugess were put in refugee camp.
No long term project can be considered on the strength of refugee capital.
The refund can be collected from the bank.
The refund of this deposit is not possible.
This is a refundable money
This is a refundable deposit.
The money will be refunded as per the refunds list.
The refund of advance will be given later.
He needs refund of deposits soon.
Refund of lapses is not possible.
There is no provision for refund of revenue in the budget.
The refund order was issued
Refunds will be given after the security session is over.
Claim for refunds and draw backs has been submitted.
Refund voucher is essential for completing the process.
The refund warrant was given when Samir was proven innocent.
His refusal to discuss the matter was annoying.
He refused to talk to people.
Refused leaves will be counted.
The refutation of his experiment was not acceptable.
There should be reasons for refuting anything.
He regained his health.
Pay proper regard to the needs of employees.
Regenerate refers to construct again
Regenerate refers to revitalize
Tissue regeneration in humans is limited and excludes vitals organs like heart and brain.
Regeneration refers to renewal.
You should regeneration this function.
You should regeneration this function.
The regeneration of tissues is being seen in the plant after it was destroyed.
Regenerative feedback is used to produce oscillation.
Regenerative memory is a form of data storage which requires its contents to be refreshed or regenerated periodically.
Regenerative memory is a form of data storage which requires its contents to be refreshed or regenerated periodically.
Regenerative read is a read operation in which the data are automatically written back into the locations from which they are taken.
Regenerative reading is a read operation in which the data are automatically written back into the locations from which they are taken.
Regenerative Repeater is a device which regenerates incoming digital signals and then retransmits these signals on an outgoing circuit.
Regenerative track is a track on magnetic drum with interconnected reading and writing heads.
Regenerative track is a track on magnetic drum with interconnected reading and writing heads.
A regenerator section is a section between two equipments where regeneration of the electrical signal takes place.
Regimen also known as regime.
people in this region speak khasi language.
He was found to have a giant invasive basal cell carcinoma in the occipital region of his head.
He was found to have a giant invasive basal cell carcinoma in the occipital region of his head.
Region refers to indefinite and continuous part of a surface.
This is a regional office of our company.
Regional represents a sectional area.
Regional address is an address of a machine instruction within a series of consecutive addresses.
She underwent regional anaesthesia for an elective Caesarean section using a subarachnoid microcatheter.
Regional anesthesia is usually caused by injection.
Regional anatomy emphasize the relations between various structures.
Regional flow of bank credit shows some disparity.
Government should pay attention to regional imbalance.
Names of the voters are there in the register.
The unemployed have been registered.
To register a will with the registrar is not necessary.
Register capacity is the upper and lower limits of the numbers which may be processed in a register.
The names of registered members were called.
The registered driver arrived.
It will be easy to search the mail by due registered acknowledgement.
Pass will only be given at the production of the due registered acknowledgement.
This is the list of registered and insured articles.
These are the registered documents.
Government will sanction money only to the registered firms.
Ravi is a registered graduate.
The registered letter was added to the list.
I have to go to the registered office today.
A register file is an array of processor registers in a central processing unit (CPU).
The registering authority registered the documents.
Registering authority will regirster your name.
Register length is the number of digits, characters or bits, which a register can store.
The contract for buying houses has come on the contract register.
The details of all the lands are there in the register of land charges.
The names of the new members is absent in the members' register.
The mortgaged property is recorded in the mortgage register.
The register of permanent advances is not well organised.
A new register of special charges has arrived at the office.
The goods shall go through the stock register before going on sale.
The work is in progress as per the register of works.
Register operand is the part of a machine instruction that references data or a peripheral device.
Register optimization is the process of grouping carriers in the specification, so that each group can be safely assigned to a hardware register.
A pointer register stores a value that used as a register pointer to indirectly address a conventional register.
Register transfer language is a kind of hardware description language (HDL) used in describing the registers of a computer or digital electronic system and the way of data is transferring.
Registrar 's post is vacant in the university.
The student has done his registration.
Admission was complete after the payment of the registration fee.
The registration fees for each letter will be different.
The regisstation form is available here.
The regisstation form is available here.
Registration Program is a programe of registration.
The registers are kept in the registry.
Three carpels are being observed in the regma fruit.
The doctor noticed regression of tumor following injection of irradiated tumor cells.
Regression refers to reversion.
Regression is observed in the plant due to which it is not bearing any fruits.
The relation between two variables was known from the regression line.
Regressive refers to the tendency to regress.
Paying same rate as big consumers for consuming small units of electricity is a kind of regressive expenditure.
Paying same rate as big consumers for consuming small units of electricity is a kind of regressive expenditure.
The regressive tax system is opposed by the common man.
Prime Minister expressed regret.
Ram 's failure is regrettable.
Regrouping of the staff became essential.
Rajiv is a regular soldier with the army.
Regular refers to usual or normal things.
During regular astigmatism the meridians of greatest and least curvature are at right angles to each other.
The regular cadre will work according to the rules.
There will be a parade of the regular cadre.
A regular grammar is a context - free grammar in which every production is restricted to some specific rules.
Farmers do not have regular income.
Regularisation of principles will be done according to the rules.
Regularization of acts was done.
A regular language is the set of strings generated by a regular grammar.
The banking sector offers regular promotion.
Regular services are offered by the employees.
A Regular set is the set of strings generated by a regular grammar.
Regular supplies stabilize the demand.
It is necessary to regulate the law firms.
The local agricultural produce market is functioning as a regulated market.
it is found that the bacteria identified is a regulated pest.
The procedure of regulation is an indicator of progress.
Abnormal regulation of carbohydrate metabolism in seen in motor neurone disease.
Abnormal regulation of carbohydrate metabolism in seen in motor neurone disease.
Regulation measures initiated on private money lending have shown good results.
To protect the interests of investors regulation of fund is necessary.
All the regulations framed should be in conformity of law.
The regulative measure on charges levied by banks will bring in uniformity.
Every company takes regulatory duty.
Regurgitant refers to be related with that of regurgitating.
Regurgitant murmur refers to flow back.
Regurgitate refers to cast up partially digested food.
The sphincter at the upper end of the stomach prevents the regurgitation of food from the stomach back into the esophagus.
Regurgitation refers to the act of swallowing again.
Regurgitation refers to the backward flowing.
Rehabilitation was given to the earthquake victims.
The patient underwent inpatient rehabilitation for postoperative right - sided weakness and syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.
Rehabilitation refers to restoration of an entity to its normal after the occurrence of a disabling event.
Rehabilitation finance is a long term finance on easy terms.
Rehabilitation finance is a long term finance on easy terms.
The rehearsal of this play is necessary.
The company reimbursed the medical expenses.
Reimbursement for medical expenses may be taken.
Each employee will be given reimbursement benefits.
To reimburse the loss of the industrial unit in backward region accounts are to be audited.
Reimplantation refers to replace any part of the body due to any reason.
Reimported goods are not subject to import duty.
Reinfection refers to get infected again second time.
A reinfestation in the field is being carried out by red ants.
Reinoculation refers to get inoculated second time.
The expelled Chancellor was reinstated.
He was given the reinstatement of orderof.
In the process of re - insurance the risk is spread.
Banks are offering attractive reinvestment plans for the existing depositors.
Reissuable notes are sorted out in a department of RBI.
Reissuable notes are sorted out in a department of RBI.
Permission has been obtained for reissue of loan.
In case of reissue of debenture it will have all the features of the old debenture.
He reiterated the failure of the employees.
He rejected the job offer.
The rejected bills cannot be neglected.
The rejected goods will not be exported.
A rejected note is examined by a department in RBI.
The rejection of articles was not liked by the editor.
The procedure for the rejection of an official letter is specific.
Prime Minister gave rejection to the proposal.
The king has sent the rejection memo.
The accused gave rejoinder to the plaintiff 's questions.
The microderm abrasion procedure encourages rejuvenation of the skin by removing the damaged outer layers of the skin and encouraging new cell growth.
The microderm abrasion procedure encourages rejuvenation of the skin by removing the damaged outer layers of the skin and encouraging new cell growth.
Rejuvenation refers to get again youthful condition.
Although she suffered frequent relapses throughout her life, she always fought back and enjoyed life to the full.
Relapse refers to get the same disease just after its disappearance.
Relapsing occur due to certain unfavorable conditions.
Relapsing Fever refers to an epidemic remittent fever.
Relapsing Fever refers to reappearance of fever.
A database relation is a predefined row or column format for storing information in a relational database.
A separate officer has been designated to look after relational banking.
A separate officer has been designated to look after relational banking.
A Relational database management system is a database management system (DBMS) that is based on the relational model and manages databases.
Relational Data structure is the type of data structure in which data are represented as tables in which no entry contains more than one value.
Relational Data structure is the type of data structure in which data are represented as tables in which no entry contains more than one value.
Relational expression is an operator which compares two values or two entities indicating whether one quantity is equal to, greater than, or less than another.
Relational operator are the words or symbols used to express a relational condition or a relational expression.
Relational symbol is the symbol which represents relation between two entities.
A relation condition specifies the comparison of two operands.
The causal relationship between the drug and the arrhythmia has not yet been established.
Relationship refers to feelings that exist between two parties.
Relationship management in a bank is an art.
The lawer is Ramesh 's relative.
One of his relatives has expired recently.
Relative means having a relation to or connection with another thing.
Relative accommodation refers to any degree of convergence.
Relative address is a memory address that represents distance from a starting point or base address.
Relative addressing calculates a new address based on the position of an instruction within a program.
Relative code is a form of computer programming through which the address part of an instruction we can indicates the difference between the location of the instruction and the desired address.
Relative coding is a form of computer programming in which the address part of an instruction indicates the difference between the location of the instruction and the desired address.
Relative coding is a form of computer programming in which the address part of an instruction indicates the difference between the location of the instruction and the desired address.
A relative file contains those records numbers which represents the record location relative to where any file begins.
A relative file contains those records numbers which represents the record location relative to where any file begins.
The newly introduced product in the market is relatively dearer.
The newly introduced product in the market is relatively dearer.
Two numbers are said to be relativey prime, if they have no common factors other than 1.
Relative path is the general form of a file or directory name, specifying a unique location in a file system.
Relative path is the general form of a file or directory name, specifying a unique location in a file system.
Relative price of a commodity will decide the preference of the customer.
When we combine any two relations and get the relation between to another relations, so the obtained relation is called the relation product of those two starting relations.
Relative scotoma refers to the visual depression.
Relative valuation of this prodct is ecessary.
The doctor prescribed a muscle relaxant for the relief of his chronic muscle spasm or spasticity.
Relaxant represent a drug that relaxes and relieves tension.
Women have been given relaxation in income tax.
Relaxation is being given to the lexicographic work.
The therapist places the patient in a state of deep relaxation.
A relaxation technique is also known as relaxation training.
The relaxation of rules is not present in the government organisations.
Administration will not accept any relaxation of rules.
Authorities can give relaxation of rules.
Relay is an electrical switch that control very large amounts of electrical energy.
Relay is an electrical switch that control very large amounts of electrical energy.
Relay is an electrical switch that control very large amounts of electrical energy.
A person is released by the payment of his debts.
Proposals of the Sixrth Pay Commission have been released.
Pakistan has released the Indian prisoners. '
Release is an initial or upgraded version of a computer software product which has been made available to the public or can be private.
The release date of this project is in next month.
In telecommunication, release time is the time interval between the instant that an enabling signal is discontinued.
In telecommunication, release time is the time interval between the instant that an enabling signal is discontinued.
The relevant solution is not yet found.
Relevant papers are kept here.
India 's growth rate has risen in the relevant previous year.
Reliability design is an application design, in which reliability problems are being checked.
Reliability growth curve refers to a well - defined process for identifying and correcting reliability problems early in the design process so that the reliability of a application increases.
Reliability modelling is an engineering field, that deals with the study of reliability which is the ability of a system or component to perform its required functions under stated conditions for a specified period of time.
This is a reliable source of information.
Reliable is the trustworthiness on which the system is based or designed.
Reliance on bank loans is there.
Relics of the Nawabs are found in Lucknow.
Farmers have been given relief in the budget.
She felt a significant amount of relief of her pain after using the pain killer.
She felt a significant amount of relief of her pain after using the pain killer.
Relief refers to easing of any pain.
He was provided relief and rehabilitation.
The names of the refugees are there in the relief list.
Relief loans have been disbursed by the bank in the flood affected areas.
Relief payments are being made on behalf of the government.
Relief works were undertaken in the flood effected areas.
The officer was relieved from his post.
The employee was relieved from the job.
Relieve refers to raise again.
Shyam became a relieved officer by handing over his responsibilities.
My reliever will join today.
This is a reliver for this officer.
The relieving officer 's signature was needed to take possession of the house.
Being hurt, the minister made a relinquishment of his post.
The officers cannot make a relinquishment of charge without permission.
Relocatable position memory is the memory in which program has relocated to executed it anywhere in the memory.
Relocatable position memory is the memory in which program has relocated to executed it anywhere in the memory.
Relocatable program coded in such a way that it may be located and executed in any part of memory.
The relocation of employees should be possible.
An employee should be ready for relocation.
The judge had prdered to carry out RELP (Restriction fragment length polymorphism) to find out the family relation.
Reluctance is created among employees due to workload.
The remains of the war were kept in the museum.
He remanded his workers.
Remanence refers to retentivity.
He remarked that he will be on leave.
A remark can be made on the current status.
The concerned officer made a remar on the issue.
There is a remark coloumn behind every document.
Comments from all the employees are there in the remarks coloumn.
Remedial measures have been made available in the drought zone.
Remedial refers to the nature of a remedy.
The security guards executed the remedial action.
Government recommeded remedial measures.
He was transferred on a remedial transfer.
He was given the order of remedial tranfer.
Remedies of mortgagee depend on the type of mortgage which may include to sue, to enter into possession, foreclosure etc.
Courts offer remedy to losses.
There are many drugs to the remedy of pain such as opioid, steroid and cortisone, and non steroid drugs for high level of pains.
Remedy is given to cure from any disease.
Ram was sent a reminder from the electricity department.
Good conduct leads to remission in punishment.
The doctor related that most of the patient 's pain symptoms are in remission.
Remission refers to the period of abatement in fever.
Remission of debt can be considered in time of natural calamity by the banks.
His alertness earned him a remission of dues.
Banks offer remission of interest from time to time.
Government can make a remission of revenue.
Administration has remitted his loan.
Decision was taken by the bank to remit the outstanding dues of accident victims.
Bank has decided to remit at par the remittances sent by defence personnel to their families.
The remitee was taking the money.
Sending remittance through remit less charges is a general practice.
Remittance of the cash will be done by post.
Remittance account has to be checked daily by the supervisor.
Remittance advice was provided through technical means.
Remittance business witnessed a slowdown due to bandhs.
The remittance check register was sent to the officer.
The remittance facilities will be given to workers.
Remittance head must be contacted for exported goods.
A remittance in transit is available on the imported goods.
The remittance in transit account must be in arranged condition.
Remittance of cash should be fully insured.
Remittance of treasure is guarded by police force.
Remittance order should be signed by an authorised person.
The remittance register is available with the secretary.
The remittee may get the amount remitted on production of identity proof.
Remittent fever refers to a fever in which the symptoms temporarily abate at regular intervals.
Remittent fever refers to characterized by remission.
The remitter deposited the money.
The remnant sample of the sent goods is in the godown.
Repaying a debt in a valid currency is a kind of remonetisation.
Remonitization has been done of the documents.
Supply of coconuts is made from the remote areas of Kerala.
Difference in opinion is the remote reason behind wars..
The patient had a remote family history of celiac disease.
Remote refers to distant in space.
Remote is a computer, host or server which is operated or controlled from a distance.
Remote is a computer, host or server which is operated or controlled from a distance.
Through remote access we can access a computer or a network from a remote distance.
Remote access data processing is useful in transform or classify information.
Remote access data processing is useful in transform or classify information.
Remote access router is placed at both ends and it makes available the protocol conversion between the internal network (LAN) and the external network (WAN).
Remote batch also known as RJE.
Remote batch also known as RJE.
Data link is very important in the remote batch entry.
Data link is very important in the remote batch entry.
In remote batch processing, process can be done by communication link.
Remote batch terminal will help you in remote access.
Remote batch terminal will help you in remote access.
Remote bridge function connects LANs via a WAN.
Remote procedure call based on 'Inter - process communication technology'.
Remote procedure call based on 'Inter - process communication technology'.
Once the user has completed dialing, the remote concentrator 's microcomputer sends the dialing data to the central switch.
Once the user has completed dialing, the remote concentrator 's microcomputer sends the dialing data to the central switch.
Through remote console we can control the central processing unit.
The remote control is used to control the volume.
Ravi has a good remote control.
Ravi has a good remote control.
Remote control software is used to provide instruction and technical support to remote users.
Remote data access can also store, read, and update the data in SQL Server.
Remote data access is a standard which has been developed to address the interconnection of applications and databases.
Remote control software is a software that allow the user to control a local computer from a remote location via a network connection.
With the help of remote file sharing we can upload / download files easily through a web browser. The files on our PC can be accessible from anywhere.
With the help of remote file system we can upload / download files easily through a web browser. The files on our PC can be accessible from anywhere.
Remote host is a computer that resides in some distant location from which data are retrieved.
Remote host is a computer that resides in some distant location from which data are retrieved.
Remote host is a computer that resides in some distant location from which data are retrieved.
Remote job entry is a transmitting batch of transactions from a remote terminal or computer.
Remote job entry system is the mechanism whereby a user at one location sending files and reports at high speeds on Mainframe computers to remote workstations.
A remote concentrator is the lowest level in the telephone switch hierarchy in which few hundred telephone lines attach to each remote concentrator. When a user picks up the phone, the concentrator produces the dial tone and When the user dials, it reads the tones.
Remote login refers to any method of controlling a computer from a remote location.
Remote login facility is the facility of controlling a computer from a remote location.
Remote procedure call is a protocol that one program can use to request a service from a program located in another computer in a network.
Remote procedure call is a protocol that one program can use to request a service from a program located in another computer in a network.
Remote sensing means gaining information about an object without coming in direct contact with it.
Remote station is a workstation or terminal at a distant location which is linked to the main LAN by a modem or a data link.
Remote terminal is a workstation or terminal at a distant location which is linked to the main LAN by a modem or a data link.
The removal of the oficer is illegal.
Removal of the wreakage was a challenge.
Removal of fault, removes the faulty unit from the buses and then information transfer capacity of the system is restored.
A person is paid remuneration in lieu of his work.
The remuneration of the auditors is of higher magnitude.
Dairying is not a remunerative business these days.
Handicraft items were sold in the exhibition at remunerative prices.
Ren refers to kidney.
She was treated for renal failure.
Renal represents to belong with kidney.
Renal Asthma is done during some unwanted conditions inside the kidney.
Renal Calculus refers to the renal stone.
Renal Calculus causes decreased urine volume.
The renal circulation receives around 20% of the cardiac output.
Renal colic is generally seen in people with cystinuria and other stone forming disorders.
Renal colic refers to the severe pain produced by the passage of a calculus from the kidney.
The renal cortex is the outer portion of the kidney.
She was found to have renal failure of her both kidneys.
The renal fascia is commonly known as Gerota 's fascia.
Renal Ganglion refers to the the small scattered sympathetic ganglions only.
Renal glycosuria is also known as renal glucosuria.
Control of renal hematuria can be done by silver nitrate instillation.
Renovascular hypertension is also known as renal hypertension.
No hepatomegaly, renal edema, or other signs of toxicity were noted.
Renal Oedema can cause raised blood pressure and pulse rate.
The renal plexus is joined by the least splanchnic nerve.
The renal sinus is occupied by the renal pelvis, renal calyces, blood vessels, nerves and fat.
Kidney stones is also known as ureterolithiasis.
The renal veins connect the kidney to the inferior vena cava.
Rename means to give a new name of a file, folder, directory or disk.
He rendered an awesome performance.
He rendered his success to his teachers.
Languages should be translated for knowledge.
All employees may be advised to render an account of advances made during the last month before close of this month.
Rendering is the process or method of generating an image from a model through computer programs. The model will be of three - dimensional objects in a strictly defined language or data structure.
Rendering is the process or method of generating an image from a model through computer programs. The model will be of three - dimensional objects in a strictly defined language or data structure.
Languages should be translated for knowledge.
The renette is not being detected in this type of worm species, whereas it was present in the other.
A project for identifying renewable resources in energy has been sanctioned.
Renewal of some fuels is not possible.
Renewal of the settlement should be done.
Renewal agreement may be with some modification or in the same form.
The process of renewal of bills is complex.
The renewal of demad was presented to the department.
He submitted the letter of renewal of demand.
Renewal premium cash register is presented every year.
Renewal premium cash register is presented every year.
Renicapsule refers to the capsule in the kidney.
Reniform refers to have the shape or profile of a kidney.
The renin - angiotensin system is also known as renin - angiotensin - aldosterone system.
Renipuncture refers to the puncture in the renal capsule.
Rhinitis is commonly known as a stuffy nose.
Ren Mobilis refers to movable kidney.
Rennet is a natural complex of enzymes.
Rennin is also called as chymosin.
Renogenic refers to get produced inside or from kidney.
A renogram is also known as renal scan.
Renography refers to the radiological study of the kidneys.
Renomegaly represents the enlargement of the kidney.
Renopathy is also known as nephropathy.
Lord Ram renounced the kingdom of Ayodhya.
The renovation of the office was in process.
Rent for houses rose in Pune.
The rent for each month should be updated in the rent account.
Rental assessment is made area - wise according to property rates in the area.
The rent value should be made available every year.
He was staying in a rented place.
Many government organisations provide rent free accomodations.
The company has provided rent free quarters.
Rent for rooms rose on the rent rolls.
The reopening of bank scheme was expected.
Reopening of assessment was done for all the buildings.
Reorganisation of capital is being done by the RBI.
Reorganisation of the rules is necessary.
Reorientation of environment will take time.
Reorientation of credit deployment will benefit small farmers / traders etc.
In some remote rural areas in India even today loans obtained from money lenders are repaid in kind.
This is a repairable damage.
All types of repairs are done in the factory.
Each factory has its own repairs and renewals account.
An employee can file reparation claim to the admistration.
Reparation claim is more in connection with war damages from the defeated nation.
The refugees were ordered to repatriate.
The prisoners were given repatriate concession after the war.
Repatriate concessions have been announced by the government to medical professionals.
The repatriation of immigrants was denied.
There is a big list of repatriating benefits being extended by the government.
The repatriation of services is not allowed.
He repayed the loan.
The customers does not repay the price for the goods.
This is a repayable amount.
This is a repayable amount.
Credit cards give repayable deposit balances.
Repaying capacity of the borrower has been duly assessed while deciding repayment schedule.
The Kisan Vikas Patra helps in repayment of loans.
Repayment of advance should be done in the stipulated time.
Repayment of loans taken from banks is compulsory.
Government made a repayment of loans an advances.
When repayment of principal is made, interest on the repaid amount will not be levied.
Repayment schedule has to be observed by the borrower.
The specific article was repealed from the constitution.
Appointment of the officers has been repealed.
The repealed article was reinstated.
The repeal of rules in an act involves a special procedure.
In digital communication systems, repeater is a device that receives a signal and retransmits it at a higher level or higher power so that the signal can cover longer distance.
The court gave a repeat order for the case.
The leaves of the plant are known to be good mosquito repellent.
Insect repellent can prevent and control the outbreak of insect - borne diseases.
Use an insect repellent where biting insects are known to be active.
Repercolation is also known as fractional percolation.
Repercussion refers to rebounding.
Repertory is also known as rep.
Non repetatur represents for do not repeat.
A repetitive work may hamper worker 's skills.
Rephasement facilities of loan are granted under certain particular circumstances.
Rephasement of loan repayment schedule is done in case of crop loans when crops fail.
He replaced the old document with a new one.
The replacement of the machine was not effective.
The orthopedic had performed a total knee replacement in this patient.
The replacement cost for the machines has been assessed.
He was given the replacement fund.
Replantation refers to the surgical reattachment of a body part.
Repledge is allowed by special permission.
The loss has been replenished.
The letter of replenishment has been issued.
Repletion refers to the satisfaction of a need.
a file system can be called a Replicated files when each file is the same size and same file type as the original file system.
a file system can be called a Replicated files when each file is the same size and same file type as the original file system.
The replication of viruscaused an increased in the number of infected cells.
DNA replication begins at specific locations in the genome.
The replum is being clearly observed in the fruit as it is its developing phase.
Reply is a statement or acknowledgment either spoken or written, made in response to an interrogative question, request or comment.
The difference between the sale and purchase price of repos or the specific interest charge is the repo rate.
The difference between the sale and purchase price of repos or the specific interest charge is the repo rate.
A case has been filed on the basis of the report of an eyewitness.
Report generator is a Software which produces a complete data - processing report, given only a description of the desired content and format with the certain information concerning the input file.
The concerned writing was sent to the reporting authority.
Figures of financial results on reporting Friday are consolidated for management purposes.
Reporting period is the time period when in a year accounts are prepared.
Report program generator (RPG) is a programming language that provides a convenient method of producing a wide variety of reports.
Report program generator (RPG) is a programming language that provides a convenient method of producing a wide variety of reports.
Report writer is a Software which produces a complete data - processing report, given only a description of the desired content and format with the certain information concerning the input file.
Reposition refers to replacement of anything.
Repositor used for replacement.
This is a repository of history.
There is a repository of books in our college.
Repost means to post or send a message again, especially via the Internet or e - mail.
Repost means to post or send a message again, especially via the Internet or e - mail.
The officer represented his office.
The representation of this company will be by these people.
His representation was well organised.
This is a representative of our company.
The representative firm has made a presentation for the services recently launched in the market.
Representative paper money is acceptable in payment of debt etc.
Under repressed inflation rising normal wages will reduce some burden on the poor.
Psychological repression is also known as psychic repression.
Repricing of risks is a prudent practice in a business.
He reprimanded the officer.
The letter of reprimand was handed over to the convict.
He reprinted the book.
He did not give the evidence in fear of reprisal.
Reproduce refers to generate offspring.
The reproducible cost of the item will be less than the original cost.
The cost of reproduction has risen.
Sexual reproduction requires the number of chromosomes to be halved.
Sexual reproduction results in increased genetic diversity.
The process is seen to be the usual mode of reproduction.
Reproduction loan may be for completing the repeat order.
Reproduction of capital has been made at the fast pace during the year.
The reproductive system is also known as genital system.
Reproductive isolation is seen to be present since birth in the organisms of these species.
The female reproductive organ is seen to be more complex than the male.
The female reproductive system is thought to be more complex than that of the male.
The reproductive system refers to a group of organs that is located in both males and females.
Republic Day is observed on 26th January.
His repudiation of his enemies lead to his victory.
Government should not follow the repugnant policies.
I repurchased my sold house.
Nalanda University has a reputation of its own.
To maintain reputational risk as a sensitive matter.
Request is a message sent between objects.
Request is a message sent between objects.
In computer network engineering, a request for comment is a document constituting the definition of protocols, standards, policies and information that define the INTERNET.
In computer network engineering, a request for comment is a document constituting the definition of protocols, standards, policies and information that define the INTERNET.
Request for discussion is a proposal to create a group or a forum to exchange the information and discussion about all topics related to any specific field.
Request for proposal is a formal document or an invitation for suppliers that specifies the equipment, software and services an organization wants to buy and through a bidding process to submit a proposal on a specific commodity or service.
Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) defines eight request methods indicating the desired action to be performed on the identified resource.
Under the Request reply protocol, a client sends a request to a server and awaits a reply. If the reply is not sent before expiration of a timeout period in the client, the client sends a second request. The server provides a conditional acknowledge if a second request is received from the client.
The requirement of demand is made through is made through supply.
In systems engineering and software engineering, Requirement analysis is the process of understanding the customer needs and expectations from a proposed system.
The supply of the requisite commodity was made to the factory.
One should have the requisite experience to run the business.
The requisite information was provided for solving the case.
The concerned departments have been given the requisite information.
The requisites for the manufacturing of the machine were made available.
One should have the requisites for a particular post.
The requisites were sent to the industry.
Government has made a requisition for land.
Soldiers give a written requisition during wars.
He asked for the requisition slip.
A resale notice for the goods has been arranged in the view of rising prices.
List of rescheduled asset has been submitted to controlling office.
Rescheduling of the amount of commodities has been done on the ration card.
Rescheduling of loan may be necessary due to adverse market conditions or natural calamities.
Rescheduling of loan may be necessary due to adverse market conditions or natural calamities.
The legal documents have been rescinded.
Youth must be rescued from the newly developed bad habits.
The doctors rescued the patient by removing the cancer.
The soldiers are rescuing the innocent.
This research has been done by the scientists.
Researches in various disciplines are undertaken by a university.
Research is defined as human activity based on intellectual application toward the increase of knowledge of the subject under study.
The National Brain Research Centre (NBRC) is a research institution engaged in basic research related to neuroscience.
Research work is very complicated.
Resect refers to cut off.
This 24 - year - old male patient underwent colon resection for his colon cancer.
Transurethral resection refers to the surgery performed through the urethra.
The resentment of the officer was visible.
The scheduled castes have 12. 5% reservation.
Government makes policies according to reservation and adjustment.
Reservation in railways can be done only by paying the reservation fee.
The reservation of posts was done in advance.
Reservation of vacancies will be done as per qualifications.
Computers were reserved in the office.
The area has been reserved for the rally.
Withdrawal from reserve account is possible only after obtaining permission from competent authority.
Reserve air is also known as expiratory reserve volume.
Reserve Bank deposits are of great magnitude.
Reserve Bank of India Remittances are not easy.
Offers below bidding will not be accepted.
Reserve capital will be used for specific purpose.
Reserve currency is considered to be a safe investment currency in time of need.
Reserved accomodations were provided for rehabilitation.
The Chief Minister has chosen the reserved constituency.
Reserved word is a special word reserved by a programming language or by a program and that cannot be used as the name of a variable, constant, function or procedure in a programming language.
Reserve refers to keep secure for anything.
Very few persons know about reserve for discount on creditor.
Reserve for Discount on Debtors is not available at all places.
Reserve for repairs and renewal is included in the price of a commodity.
Reserve funds are utilized from time to time.
Reserve General funds are available to the reserved classes.
A mention about reserve liability may be mentioned in the balance sheet.
Reserve limit of stock is not available in the share market.
This type of reserve material is found out to be present in this type of species which would provide energy.
Government fixes reserve price on some specific items.
Glucose is found out to be most important reserve product found in organisms.
The reserve ratio to the deployed capital in the business is quite high.
Reserves may be termed as capital reserves or revenue reserves.
All reserves must be shown separately in the balance sheet of the company.
The reserve stock was supplied.
The reserve stock was kept in the godown.
Since there is no oxygen reservoir in the human body, one would die in a few minutes if oxygen supply is stopped by accident.
Since there is no oxygen reservoir in the human body, one would die in a few minutes if oxygen supply is stopped by accident.
The dog that is being housed is a reservoir host and has to be treated properly.
The agreement contain a reset clause.
Reset cycle is the return of a cycle index counter to its initial value.
Reset cycle is the return of a cycle index counter to its initial value.
Reset mode is the phase of operation of an analog computer during which the required initial conditions are entered into the system and the computing units are inoperative.
Reset mode is the phase of operation of an analog computer during which the required initial conditions are entered into the system and the computing units are inoperative.
In electronics, Reset pulse is a drive pulse that tends to reset a magnetic cell in the storage section of a digital computer.
In engineering, Reset rate is the number of times per minute that the effect of the proportional - position action.
Resettlement of industrial units is being done.
The officers checked the reserve fund account.
The ships are sent after reshipment.
The resuffle was schedule was not very convenient.
Our residence is in North - India.
He was given the residence permit by the municipal committee.
The residents of India have the right to vote.
Resident is one who resides in a particular place permanently or for an extended and prolonged period.
Resident is one who resides in a particular place permanently or for an extended and prolonged period.
Resident refers to be fixed or stable in nature.
The resident account can be opened with no difficulty after furnishing requisite documents / information.
Resident font is a font which is built into a printers read - only memory (ROM) chips.
This is a residntial complex.
He was permitted the residential accomodation.
Residential address is needed for application.
The residential building of the President is huge.
Government provides residential quarters to the ministers.
Not all companies provide residential quarters.
Residential telephone is also provided at the permanent address.
He is a resident tax payer of his locality.
These are the residuals of earthquake.
The radiologist found a residual tumor on his CT scan.
Residual represents the remaining as a residue.
Residual Abscess is caused from persistence of microbes and pus.
Residual Affinity refers to the relation maintained due to the residue.
Residual air is also known as residual volume.
The residual assets can be disposed off as early as possible if not in use.
The residual industries are scattered throughout the country.
Residual products have been shown in the production list.
The residual toxicity has a very bad effect on the environment.
He was going through residual enemployment.
Residual value is the part of the assets price which the lessee will pay at the end of the leasing contract, prior to transferring the ownership to the lessee.
The residual value or scrap value is fixed by the government.
Residual volume is also known as residual air.
Production is also done out of the residuary materials.
Residuary account is a special type of account.
The residuary company can carry on the business as decided after its main business is sold to other company.
The residuary legatee made documents for the left over materials.
The residuary legatee made documents for the left over materials.
The wife of the deceased can be given the residuary pension.
The parliament has the residuary powers.
Residues of pesticides have been found in the food.
The residue of the chemical process was taken into the laboratory.
The residue of this reaction is found out to be black and oil in appearance.
Residue refers to the remainder of something.
Residue arithmetic is a system of arithmetic for integers in which all numbers having the same remainder when divided by a whole number are considered equivalent.
A test was carried out to find the presence of residue pesticide.
The residuum may be kept in a separate miscellaneous account till details are located.
The minister resigned.
The officer submits his resignation to his concerned higher officer.
The principal was cmpelled to give resignation.
Resinous substances are obtained fron resin.
He resisted the decision of the leader.
The reaction of resistant host was observed when it was exposed to the pathogen.
The parasitic organisms which are present in the field are herbicide resistant species.
In electronics, Resistor - Transistor Logic refers to the obsolete technology for designing and fabricating digital circuits that employ logic gates consisting of transistors and resistors.
Strong resolution is needed for the development of the nation.
Resolution refers to the sharpness and clarity of an image in computer monitors, printers and bit - mapped graphic images.
Resolution refers to act of solving.
Resolution refers to omission of tumour.
Resolution refers to the formal intention made.
Resolvent refers to that which resolves.
Ausculation of his heart revealed resonance and splashing sounds indicative of large amounts of intracardiac gas.
Resonance is also known as reverberance.
Resonant refers to reverberating.
Diuretics inhibit sodium and water reabsorption in the nephron.
Resorption is also known as reabsorption.
He was waiting at the resort.
The resources of income can be many.
In computing, resource allocation is necessary for any application to be run on the system. We have to allocate certain resources to the computer to run the process.
Resource crunch will hamper the ongoing projects.
Resource descriptor is an entry in a resource requirements list, specifying a range of hardware resources that a device is capable of using.
This is a resourceful business.
He is a resourceful officer.
Resource management is a form of decision - making concerned with the allocation and conservation of natural resources.
A systematic plan for resource mobilisation has been finalised.
He is a resource person for this project.
He is a resource person for this project.
Many resouces are available for popularising a language.
In computing, resources are the elements of hardware and software or data which is the part of a larger system.
In computing, a Resource sharing is a device or piece of information in which certain resources within a system may be shared by multiple computers through local area network or an Intranet.
Resource sharing control makes the balance between resource allocation and dynamic sharing of different system resources.
He was respectfully addressed by the speaker.
The articles are being printed respectively.
The principles have been given places respectively in the act.
Respirable dust is airborne material.
He was given artificial respiration during his thoracic surgery.
Respiration is also known as ventilation.
The process of respiration in organisms is seen to be occuring through these structures.
The patient experienced an episode of decreased respiration rate or bradypnea.
She was on the respirator for a period of 72 hours.
Respirator is also known as gas mask.
The respirator is being feed in to the organisms which will aid in respiration.
Respiratory represents the respiratory nerves.
Respiratory acidosis refers to cause by hypoventilation.
The respiratory cavity is seen to be present on the left side of the body.
Respiratory center integrates sensory information about the level of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood.
Acute respiratory failure is a sudden inability of the lungs to maintain normal respiratory function.
The respiratory quotient is found out to be different for different organisms which also depend upon the environmental conditions.
Respiratory rate is also known as rate of respiration.
Asthma is a disease of respiratory system.
Respiratory system include the nose, throat, larynx, trachea, bronchi, and lungs.
Respiratory toxicity led to the death of the organisms.
Respiratory tract is also known as airway.
Respiratory tract include the pharynx, larynx, trachea, and bronchi.
Respiroscope helped the botanist to find out the plants and the favoured conditions which would lead to high oxygen emission.
The respondents paid the expenses for the law suit.
The court has issued responding adjustment.
Responding credit / debit entry may be passed without delay.
Responding entry has been passed and advice sent.
Responding office is working as a small cell.
Responding period is that period of time which is taken by a system after the commands.
Responses of the hike in shares in NASDAQ are felt in India.
The patient exhibits an allergic response to cats and dust mites.
Response refers to reply of any action.
Response duration is that period of time which is taken by a system after the commands.
Response function is a mathematical function that quantitatively describes the response of a system at a specific location.
Response message is the message which is send back by a server due to the request message of an HTTP client in the form of reply.
Response time is the time a system or functional unit takes to react to a given input.
The responsibility for the safety of the house is on the security guards.
The responsibility of completing the project is on the institution.
He took the responsibility of taking care of their family.
In technology, responsibility is a processing step that an object can perform.
In technology, responsibility is a processing step that an object can perform.
The doctor takes the clinical responsibility for doing a surgery in his patient.
The minimum age of criminal responsibility in India is 7.
He is a responsible citizen
The manager should be responsive to his staff.
Responsiveness of tax revenue will ease the deficit position.
The doctor advised him to maintain adequate rest.
Rest refers to the residue after any process.
Rest refers to the state of no action.
He was waiting at the rest house.
The spore of the algae identified is a resting spore.
The resting stage comes into play during any environmental signal or extreme conditions such as winter.
His restitution of the records pleased the authorities.
Restitution refers to the act of returning.
Restless represents anxious state.
Restlessness refers to the irritation with anything that causes delay.
Restoration of traditional values is essential.
Restoration refers to an act of restoring.
Restorative refers to something that restores.
Evidences of the art of architecture should be restored.
Banks provide finance on easy terms for restoring sick units.
Restraining injunction will operate till it is vacated.
Restraints were placed at different places for the rally.
Restraint of population is the most important necessity at present for the country.
Restraint refers to the loss of freedom.
Restraint measures have to some extent eased the price situation.
This is an army restricted area.
This is a restricted holiday.
Banks may not prefer restricted assets as good security for loans.
Restricted demand for goods will not boost the manufacturing sector performance.
Harmful drugs have been placed in the category of restricted drugs by the government.
He was on a restricted leave.
Restricted letter of credit limits the liability of the issuing bank in certain matters.
Restricted money changer does deal in currencies of certain selected countries.
When two countries are not on good terms restricted trade between them is a routine matter.
The restriction on medical patient should be followed.
The restriction enzymes were used on the DNA to carry out gene analysis.
Restricting a party to use the adjoining space of a building may be restrictive covenant.
Restrictive credit policy may not be in the interest of manufacturing sector industry.
A restrictive endorsement gives the endorsee right to receive payment of the bill but he cannot transfer his rights as endorsee.
The employees should refrain from restrictive practices.
Restrictive trade practices if followed by a country the matter may be reported to the international forum.
Restructuring of loans will help small farmers.
The resultant products were presented after investigation.
The resulting balance may be carried over to next year.
There is resulting trust between two senior citiaens.
This officer is interested in result oriented work.
This project is a result oriented work.
The results of audit will be published annually.
He submitted his resume with the application for job.
He resumed his job today.
The protestant was resummoned.
A resumption of the project was made.
Seven days time is allowed for resumption of duty on transfer.
Resurgence of inflation in food prices will cause lot of difficulty to the common man.
Resuscitate refers to revive.
Resuscitation refers to the state of being resuscitated.
The book mentions guidelines for basic resuscitation of newborn babies.
Most of the banks are entering in retail banking in big way.
In India large number of persons are working as retailer.
He is a retailer of medicines.
Retailing means selling of commodities directly to the consumer.
Retailing means selling of commodities directly to the consumer.
Retail banking has been a special feature of Indian banking after nationalisation of some banks.
Some manufacturers have set up retail outlet for their products in big cities.
Retail price of goods differ from city to city because of local taxes.
Materials are very costly at the retail shop.
Small traders do retail trade at the beginning.
He retained his status after losing the case.
He retained his good health despite busy schedule.
Product should be retained.
Retained is also known as to maintaine.
Retained earnings are those profits which earned by a business or that amount of profit which remaining after tax and which has been retained for reinvestment in the business.
Retained income is ploughing back of profits in the business for strengthening financial base.
Retained placenta is also known as incarcerated placenta.
The retained profit may be in the form of resource or reserve.
Retained profits are those profits which earned by a business or that amount of profit which remaining after tax and which has been retained for reinvestment in the business.
Retained surplus are those profits which earned by a business or that amount of profit which remaining after tax and which has been retained for reinvestment in the business.
International trade agreements avoid the situation that may crop up on account of retaliate action.
Retaliatory duty is generally considered as avenegful action.
Retardation of growth can be seen in childhood hypothyroidism.
Mental retardation is a developmental disability.
Retarded refers to intellectually limited.
Retarded cash blow will adversely affect the developmental project.
He was complaining of retching since two days.
Retching refers to clearing of the throat.
Rete refers to a part resembling a network.
Rete mucosum is also known as stratum granulosum.
Retention of food normally occurs in stomach.
Retention refers to the condition of keeping something.
The retention of food is seen to occur in the organism.
Retention jaundice is acused by an inability of the liver to secrete enough bile pigment.
Retention money is generally kept in case of works assigned on contract basis.
Paralytic ileus is associated with acute retention of feces.
Retention of urine is a frequent complication of prostatic hypertrophy.
The retention period depend on the capacity of the holder.
Retention price for keeping the goods for long is too heavy.
The etention site of the organisms is being identified which will help in rectifying it.
Retentive refers to the power of retaining.
Rete testis refers to the network of tubules in the mediastinum testis.
Retial refers to resemble like a network.
Reticulated tissue are formed of connective tissue.
The leaf of the plant specimen has a reticulate leaf.
In the reticulate venation of dicots the mid rib is properly defined.
Reticulation is also known as reticulonodular pattern.
Reticulocyte count is the number of reticulocytes circulating in blood.
Reticulocytosis is a sign of unusually rapid red blood cell production.
Reticuloendothelial system consist of all the cells able to ingest bacteria or colloidal particles etc.
Leukemic reticuloendotheliosis is also known as hairy cell leukemia.
Reticuloendothelium refers to the cells that make up the reticuloendothelial system.
The reticulum is a very important part as it has got to perofrm important functions.
Ebner reticulum is a network of nucleated cells in the seminiferous tubules.
Retifera is based on the genus Patella.
Retiform refers to have crisscrossed lines.
Rods and cones are the photoreceptor cells present in retina.
Retina is connected by the optic nerve to the brain.
Extensor retinaculum refers to a fibrous band of fascia crossing the back of the wrist.
Retinal detachment may lead to blindness if left untreated.
Retinal refers to belong to the retina.
Retinal adaptation n refers to the adjustment of the eye according to the illumination.
Cytomegalovirus infection is one of the causes of retinitis.
Retinitis Pigmentosa refers to the retinal dystrophy.
Retinitis pigmentosa may be inherited in a number of different ways.
Retinoblastoma is a rare but rapidly developing cancer in the eye.
Retinoblastoma is transmitted as a dominant trait and occurring chiefly among infants.
Retinochoroiditis is also known as chorioretinitis.
Diabetic retinopathy affect the blood vessels in the retina.
Pneumatic retinopexy is a treatment for retinal detachment.
Retinoscope works by observing the lights and shadows on the pupil when a mirror illumines the retina.
Retinoscopy can be studied by means of the ophthalmoscope.
Delay is been observed in the development of the retinula in the organism.
Retinoscope is used to determine refractive condition of the eye.
Dr. Arora retired today.
To retire a bill means all rights are extinguished.
A retired document or bill does not remain in currency or circulation.
Many retired persons are rendering valuable service in social field.
Retired note is not considered a valid note.
Life is peaceful after retirement.
There is a fixed age limit for retirement.
Retirement annuities are the assets of a lifetime.
Retirement benefit is one time bulk receipt and has to be invested prudently.
The employees will be given retirement benefits.
Retirement of debenture series will save the company high cost of funds.
Retiring a bill under discount is a welcome trend by the financing bank.
The retiring age for government servants is 58.
Payment for retiring bill under discount should be made.
Retiring pension is given in government jobs.
The officer lead the guests to the retiring room.
Retort refers to pay back.
The retoucher presented a retouched version of the photograph.
Retrace means to trace again or to go back over again.
Retractile refers to that can be retracted.
Retraction of abdominal walls helped proper exposure of appendix during surgery.
Blood clot retraction is a normal stage in hemostasis.
Retraction refers to the retractile power.
Retractor is a surgical instrument used in an incision.
Retractor act as a muscle like a flexor.
The employees were sent for the retraining.
Retransmission strategy is used for error control in data communication networks.
Retreatment refers to the second time treatment.
The retrenched staff was protesting.
Inflation made the retrenchment of the employees compulsory.
There is a specific procedure for the retrenchments in the company.
The retrenchment slip is attached on the notice board.
The case of retrial came to the President.
Retro - refers to behind.
He was given the retroactive pay.
The pay hike has been granted with retroactive / retrospective effect from 1st January.
Retrobulbar refers to the place which is at the back of eyeball.
Retrobulbar neuritis is also known as optic neuritis.
Retrocecal is also known as retrocaecal.
Retrocedent refers to going back.
Retrocession is resorted to by one insurance company to share his part of risk with another company.
Retrocession refers to a relapse.
Retroflexed refers to move backward with a bent.
Retroflexion refers to a bending in backward way.
Retrograde refers to going back direction.
Retrograde amnesia commonly results from damage to the brain regions.
Retrograde embolism is also known as venous embolism.
Retrograde hernia occur with the portion of intestine between the loops lying in the abdominal cavity.
Retrography is the opposite way of the order of writing.
Retrogression refers to the act of declining.
Many world countries are noticing regressive population trend.
Retroperitoneal refers to that which is situated behind the peritoneum.
Retropharyngeal refers to place behind the pharynx.
Retropulsion refers to an involuntary backward running.
The hairlike projection of the plant leaf is retrorse.
Retroscope is a instrument used for rectal examination.
Retrospection refers to act of taking survey of things in the past.
The retrospective report of the annual progress was displayed.
Legislation is made on the influence of the restrospective effect.
The methods of the retrospective operation are being studied / examined.
A law is enforced with retrospective sanction.
Retroversion refers to the condition of being turned backward.
Retry means to try again or to try second time.
All branches are required to submit a monthly return to controlling offices for advances granted by them.
The rate of return on government securities is very low.
Return action is used to put a paragraph return in the text, select items in a dialog box, close the box and enter other information such as a search query or requested action.
The query needed returns.
Sufficient details are not given in return ccount.
In computer science, Return address is the address in storage to which a computer program is directed upon completion of a subroutine.
In communications systems, return channel is the duplex transmission channel, which uses star topologies and transmitted the link from a user terminal to the central hub.
In the "carriage return", return character indicates the end of line into text to signal.
Return code is a coded message which is sent by a function, program or server back to the program to indicate the result of an operation requested by that program.
The Return code register used to pass a return code to the calling program or operating system when the current program ends.
Reasons for a returned cheque are required to be indicated by the returning bank.
Returned on capital employed is a ratio that indicates the efficiency and profitability of a company 's capital investments.
Return instruction is used to pass back the return control to the caller.
Prime Minister 's return journey was completed on 15th September.
Vineet brought the return journey ticket in advance.
In communications systems, return link is the duplex transmission channel, which uses star topologies and transmitted the link from a user terminal to the central hub.
Return of income by all salaried people has to be filed within 3 months from the date of close of the fiscal year.
The return of post was announced by the postman.
The return on investment on fixed deposits in banks is considered to be reasonable these days.
Return on owner 's equity reveals how much profit a company generates with the money owner or shareholders have invested.
The returns of all the organisations are at one place.
It is difficult to assess the return sales.
A separate account for return warrants may be maintained.
The leaf of the plant just introduced in the garden is retuse.
He was immobilized to help the reunion of the fractured bone.
Reunion is also known as reunification.
Reusable code is code that can be used again to add new functionalities with no modification to perform a specific service regardless of whatever code is used in the application.
Reusable code is code that can be used again to add new functionalities with no modification to perform a specific service regardless of whatever code is used in the application.
Reusable program is a program that can be loaded once and executed repeatedly.
Reusable program is a program that can be loaded once and executed repeatedly.
Reusable resource are items, such as drop down lists, images etc., which can be created and stored for later reuse by users with permission to the resource.
Reusable routine is a routine that can be loaded once and executed repeatedly.
Revaccination refers to the practice of vaccinating again.
Pronciples were released after revalidation.
Revalidation of bank draft can be done after following a process.
Revaluation of the vegetables after inflation.
Revaluation of the buildings was done due to commercialization.
Revaluation account generally shows the position of upward revision of assets.
Revaluation of currencies becomes necessary keeping in view the international market trend.
Revellent refers to a revulsive medicine.
Government derives its revenue from taxes and organisations from business operations etc.
Revenue account is a major head of account and has to be under proper scrutiny.
Revenue advances were paid to the state by the government.
The nature of revenue and capital expenditure is altogether different.
Administration keeps record of the revenue and capital expenditures.
Economy is affected by the revenue and service transactions.
Revenue budget may show excess of receipt over expenditure or vice - versa.
Revenue buoyancy is an indication of economy being in good health.
Revenue collection is as per targets fixed in the budget.
Revenue deficit is the general indication that expenditure has surpassed the amount of receipts under revenue budget.
The revenue duty should be paid on this property.
The revenue expenditure should be controlled.
Calculation of revenue involved is a complex process.
Large amount of revenue leakage in tax collection has been noticed.
The revenue potential of the crude oil will increase the revenue.
All revenue receipts are credited to respective accounts.
The revenue reserves will be utilized for establishing industries.
Revenue reserves enhance the financial strength of the organisation / government.
Revenue reserves means that part of profit which retained in the business for further growth and has been not given to the shareholder.
Revenue reserves means that part of profit which retained in the business for further growth and has been not given to the shareholder.
Revenue reserves means that part of profit which retained in the business for further growth and has been not given to the shareholder.
Revenue sacrifices sometime become unavoidable.
A cash receipt above certain amount is considered valid if revenue stamp of appropriate value is affixed.
Revenue surpluses are transferred to the capital during the current year.
He showed rapid reversal of anaemia upon treatment.
Reversal refers to a change from one state to the opposite state.
High growth rate may have a reverse effect on the economy.
Reverse address resolution protocol is a Link layer networking protocol, which is used by a diskless workstation or host computer to obtain its Internet protocol address.
Reverse address resolution protocol is a Link layer networking protocol, which is used by a diskless workstation or host computer to obtain its Internet protocol address.
Reverse auction process may save a considerable amount.
In communications systems, reverse channel is the duplex transmission channel, which uses star topologies and transmitted the link from a user terminal to the central hub.
Reverse conversion is a trading practice in the share market.
Reverse engineering is the process of analyzing the construction and operation of a device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation in order to manufacture a similar one.
Reverse merger is opted to bypass the lengthy and complicated procedure of going public.
Under reverse mortgage of house the senior citizen continue to enjoy stay in the house till his / her death.
Reverse Polish notation is a way of writing algebraic expressions in which the numbers precede the operation.
Reverse repo is a combination of cash transaction with a forward contract.
Life insurance is sort of reversionary life interest.
These are the reverted expenses.
The wall was revetted.
India Today reviewed the Arushi murder case.
The Supreme Court reviewed the theories.
Many decisions were made by the review board.
Dr. Das was made the reviewing officer.
The officer gave a review note on the documents.
Government made a review of balance after the sale of produce.
The committee made a review of consolidated abstract.
The leader revised his during the elections.
The party issued the revised agenda.
The revised budget will be placed before the board meeting for approval.
Revised budget estimate was presented in the Lok Sabha.
Revised estimate has been approved by the budget committee.
Finance department made revised estimates of the production.
The company published the list of revised rules.
A revised tender was issued for the hostel.
A revised tender was made among the states.
The budget as decided in the meeting has been revised upwards.
Appeals are made to the revising or appelate authority.
The revision exercise of the budget will take couple of days.
The revision of the theory was essential as it has proved to be wrong.
Revision history table shows previous page versions and the different feature highlights the changes between two revisions.
Revision of scales was done on the basis of the Sixth Pay Commission.
The court has issued a revision order.
The plaintiff filed a revision petition against the biased judgement.
The revitalised societies, it is expected may become viable after two years.
There is a need for the revival of traditional customs.
The freedom struggle got a revival with the advent of Mahatma Gandhi.
The revival dates of securities will be the basis of their maturity.
LIC has announced a policy for revival of lapsed policies with nominal penalty.
Revival of trade will bring back prosperity in the area.
A few traditinal values are being revived.
This is a revocable decision.
Revocable credit may not help planning a definite long term project.
When a letter of credit does not stipulate whether it is revocable or irrevocable, it is generally considered revocable.
A provision for revocable transfer has been kept in the contract.
Revocable transfer of assets may create many legal and practical complications if not done in perfect manner.
The revocation of law lead to chaos.
A decision in connection with revocation of licence of traffic rules offenders will be taken soon.
A set procedure has to be followed to revoke a licence.
Moon makes revolutions around earth.
The French Revolution of 1789 has been recorded in history.
Revolving cash credit permit the borrower to draw against the limit, repay and again draw upto the limit sanctioned.
Revolving credit is a facility offered by banks.
A revolving fund has no expiry date.
Revolving letter of credit is a convenient mode when it is required for multiple transactions one after the other.
Revulsion refers to the turning away from something.
The servant was offered rewards for his services.
A reward review was published in the newspaper.
A reward scheme was started in order to clean the environment.
In computing re - writeable means a capability of recording data again.
In computing re - writeable means a capability of recording data again.
RFC is one of the working documents of the Internet research and development community which describes the specifications for a recommended technology.
RFC is one of the working documents of the Internet research and development community which describes the specifications for a recommended technology.
RGB monitor is a computer monitor that uses the red - green - blue signals to generate the colours displayed on the screen.
Rheumatic fever is an inflammatory disease.
Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic, systemic inflammatory disorder.
Rheumatic Diathesis refers to the tendency towards rheumatism.
Rheumatic endocarditis usually involving heart valves.
Rheumatic fever is caused by a streptococcal infection.
Rheumatic fever can affect joints, heart, skin and the nervous system.
Rheumatic fever can damaged heart valves.
Rheumatic Fever is usually same as rheumatism.
Rheumatic heart disease usually occurs after attacks of rheumatic fever.
Rheumatic pneumonia refers to pneumonia that occur in severe acute rheumatic fever.
Rhinencephalic refers to that belong to rhinencephalon.
Rhinencephalon refers to the olfactory region of the brain which is located in the cerebrum.
Rhinoplasty is also called as plastic surgery of the nose.
The ginger rhizome was being uprooted from the garden and later washed cleanly.
Rhizome may also be referred to as creeping rootstalk.
Rate and rhythm of heart is normal in this patient.
Circadian rhythm refers to a daily rhythmic activity cycle.
Rhythm refers to the harmonious flow of vocal sounds.
Rhythmic chorea is a neurological disorder.
His ribs got fractured in the accident.
Ribs protect the lungs by forming a ribcage.
Ribs exist in pairs.
A ribbed bursa is seen to be present in the organisms bone.
Riboflavin is also known as lactoflavin or vitamin B2.
The analysis of the ribosomal RNA is important to find out the relationship.
The ribosome has been seen to be present in the plant root specimen, which function as nitrogen fixator.
The rice root netamode are being identified by the reaserchers and a chemical is in production which would be supplied to the farmers.
Rice water stool is a most prominent sign of cholera.
Rice water stool refers to a clear and watery stools with a vaguely fishy odor.
Ricin is used as a biochemical reagent.
Ricinin is also known as ricidine.
Ricinus is a genus of herb.
The ricinus communis shrub is grown in africa commercially for castor oil.
Children with rickets are more prone to fractures of bones.
Rickets is a disease of infants and children with ossification.
Rickettsia cause disease in vertebrate hosts.
The cuase of the rickettsial disease is unknown and would be known only after carrying out the test.
Incidence of rickettsiosis is being seen more due to the rise in the global temperature.
Rickety refers to feeble in the joints.
Ricord 's chancre refers to the initial lesion of syphilis.
Rider 's bone can be caused from strain in horseback riding.
A small ridge is getting developed on the bone surface it will be of no use to the body.
Ridge refers to a crest.
Rigging of prices of certain shares which a group favours is a common practice in share market.
Liver is situated in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Right refers to the right hand direction.
In programming, Right angle bracket are used to enclose numbers and subscripts.
A right anterior oblique incision was made in the abdominal wall.
He is the rightful claimant of this post.
Generally the rights shares are offered to the shareholder in proportion to their existing share holding below the current market price.
Right of bargaining help negotiating a best deal.
Under right of lien the creditor retains only possession, the ownership of the property is with the debtor.
A retail trader has a right of resale the product he has bought from the manufacturer.
The right of set off is available to banks as per provisions of law.
Right of surety is right to enter shoes of others.
Right of transferee for consideration is without notice of the right and obligation.
Right ring topology is one of the three principal topologies for a LAN, in which all nodes are arranged in a circle.
Rights application is submitted in a prescribed form.
For right shares, the shareholder has the right but not the obligation to subscribe the right shares.
Rights issue is an issue of shares offered at a special price by a company to its existing shareholders who hold subscription rights or pre - emptive rights.
Certain type of institution have been kept out of ambit of the right to information.
Rigid refers to be hard.
After death, rigidity of muscles ensues over a period of time.
Rigidity of the limbs can be seen in spastic paralysis.
Rigidity refers to be rigor in quality.
Rigid price may reduce the interest of the consumer in the product.
The patient had sudden onset of fever with rigors.
President can covert a sentence of rigorous imprisonment into that of simple imprisonment.
Vested interest try to rig the market to serve their own purpose.
Rumours are floated to rig up the price in the market.
Superficial inguinal ring is present in the anterior wall of abdomen.
A goal or object can be achieved at the end of the action by ringing out.
Ring money may be valuable possession.
She was complaining of intense itching due to ringworm.
Riots took place in the demonstrations against high prices.
RISC is a kind of computer architecture that has a relatively small set of computer instructions that it can operate at a higher speed.
Rise and fall is very usual in a business.
The rising market will provide good opportunities for investment.
Rising prices of food articles are a cause of concern.
The drive against terrorism is full of risk.
Risk adjusted capital is risk adjusted return to economic capital.
The risk appetite is a major consideration in making money in share market.
Risk assets are to be monitored by the bank closely.
Risk measurement depends on various factors.
Risk model is a type of risk that occurs when a financial model used to measure a firm 's market risks or value transactions does not perform the tasks.
Risk model is a type of risk that occurs when a financial model used to measure a firm 's market risks or value transactions does not perform the tasks.
Risk perception has to be studied carefully in risk sensitive transactions.
Risk profile of the select new issues may be prepared and discussed in the committee meeting.
Participation in the share market would be a risk purchase.
To buy goods from the grey market is a risk purchase.
The company was against the rival purchase.
Risk purchase / sale may give good return sometime.
A well reasoned investor will take a investment decision after studying risk return relationship.
Sale of pesticides is a risk sale.
Raghav wants to do the risk sale of weapons.
Risk weighted assets method may be more realistic way of assessing their value.
Risk weights are relevant for proper evaluation of assets.
Decision on risky loans may be taken after careful consideration.
His rivals were defeated by him
He was not afraid of his rivals in business.
The firm has to strengthen its own supply base in the context of rival supply.
The roadman was killed in an accident.
A roadmap for scheme to be taken up in tribal areas for lift irrigation has been sent for approval to controlling office.
Drivers are paid road mileage by the company.
The roadways should be maintained properly.
Robot is a machine or device that operates automatically and is capable of performing a variety of often complex human tasks on command.
Robot is a machine or device that operates automatically and is capable of performing a variety of often complex human tasks on command.
Robotics is the science and technology of robots and their design, manufacture, and application.
Robust refers to a software without bugs that handles abnormal conditions well.
Robust refers to a software without bugs that handles abnormal conditions well.
Company has been able to make purchases of certain properties at the rock bottom price.
Rods are used for the fixation of the fracture.
Rods and cones are specialized neurons that are capable of phototransduction.
A rogue trader cannot be relied upon or taken on its face value.
Role is a part or character in a play, film, etc., to be played by an actor or actress.
Role of stock exchange means an contribution which is done by the stock exchange in the economy.
The role playing of the director of a company is very difficult.
The minister 's name is there on the roll of the members of parliament.
The name of a new member has been added to the ration roll.
Government has announced the roll back of newly announced tax proposals.
Manufacturers have decided to roll down the price.
A roller bandage was applied to the entire right forearm.
Roll in means to move along a surface by revolving over and over, as a ball or a wheel.
A rolling plan for financing rural artisans is being implemented by the bank in a designated area.
Rolling settlement in certain shares is only allowed.
All rolling stock is insured.
It is compulsory for each student to have a roll number.
Roll out means to introduce and to spread out.
In share / securities trading roll over forward cover is a routine type of transaction.
Roll over loan will continue with additional stipulations added.
Roll up is a practice in option trading.
ROM is a type of storage media which contain data and normally can only be read not written or modified.
The record was written in roman figures.
ROM (Read only memory) is a type of storage media which contain data and normally can only be read not written or modified.
ROM is a type of storage media which contain data and normally can only be read not written or modified.
Residential rooms are hard to find in big cities.
Infection of hair follicle around hair root is called boil.
In computer science, Root is the 'base' or bottom of a system.
Root bridge is a bridge which continuously transmits network topology information to other bridges, using the spanning tree protocol.
Root causes analysis is a class of problem solving methods aimed at identifying the root causes of problems or events.
Root directory is the first and top - most directory in a file system.
All the arrangements for the group have been mentioned in the roster.
Roster copying is not allowed.
In the patient, lateral rotation of the left eye was painful.
The technique of rotation is applied in crop production.
Rotation of crops is done to save the soil from exhausting its fertility.
Rotary nystagmus refers to a form of nystagmus.
Marasmius rotula is a species of fungus.
Rotular refers to belong with the kneepan.
This is a rough draft.
This table has a rough surface.
The rough account may be seen before it is posted in the ledger.
Eating a proper amount of roughage is essential for normal bowel movements.
Roughage stimulates peristalsis by increasing bulk of stool.
Roughage is also known as Dietary fiber.
A rough copy of the official documents has been ordered.
Rough diamonds are imported in India from South Africa for polishing etc. and then exported.
The rough estimate is being examined and some improvements are being suggested.
Roleaux can include fatigue, poor circulation to the hands and feet, and dizziness.
Round about methods of production are based on approximation and may not work always in the desired manner.
In mathematics, Rounding means dropping decimals after some significant place.
Rounding off in all bills has to be done to the nearest rupee.
Round ligaments support muscles and organs.
Round ligament pain is usually experienced as sharp or shooting pains in the lower abdominal area.
Round sum remittance is done in the nearest rupee.
The officer called for round the clock work.
Some market allow round the clock transactions.
Round trip gestalt design is a style of design that emphasizes the incremental and iterative development of a system.
Roundworms are triploblastic protostomes.
Round - worm are caused by fungi and appearing as itching circular patches.
The path taken by a sensory impulse is called sensory route.
Route is the sequence of hosts, routers, bridges, gateways and other devices that network traffic takes from its source to its destination.
Router is a network device that forwards packets from one network to another and handles message transfers between computers.
Router is a network device that forwards packets from one network to another and handles message transfers between computers.
Physical exercise should be a part of daily routine.
A routine surgical procedure was performed on the patient.
Exercise should be an everyday programme.
Doctors are on routine check in the morning.
Routine checking of all visitors to the cash section is carried out by the security staff.
Routine information protocol is a distance - vector routing protocol used in local and wide area networks.
Routine matters need not be discussed in the board meeting unless need a special consideration.
To laugh at everything is his routine nature.
Routine note should be prepared for correction.
The authorities give a routine note on their files.
A Branch Manager is authorised to sign a routine order.
Routine tests should be conducted from the point of view of health.
Routing is the process of selecting paths in a network by which a message will travel to its destination.
Routing is the process of selecting paths in a network by which a message will travel to its destination.
Routing of traffic is done for the movement of the ministers.
Routing strategies are those strategies which are used in routing process.
In computer networking, Routing table is an electronic table or database type object that is stored in a router or a networked computer.
In computer networking, Routing table is an electronic table or database type object that is stored in a router or a networked computer.
Royalties suspense account is not a stable account.
Royalty on books is exempted from tax upto certain limit.
RPN is a way of writing algebraic expressions in which the numbers precede the operation.
RTC is a clock used by a computer that keeps track of time and which continues working when the computer is switched off.
In pleurisy, friction between pleural layers produces a sound.
Rub refers to exert friction on something.
The rubber plantation is helpful for rubber industry.
The rubber stamp was put on the paper.
Mustard is a commonly used herbal rubefacient.
Rubefacient refers to produce redness.
Rubefaction refers to the erythema of the skin.
The primary symptom of rubella is appearance of rash.
Rubella is also known as German measles.
Rubeola is also known as measles.
Rubia cordifolia is a plant specie of Rubiaceae.
Rubigo consist of a parasitic fungus.
Rubor refers to the pain, swelling and heat.
Rubor can be a response of body tissues to injury or irritation.
Ructus is also known as eructation.
This is a rude behavior.
Appendix is a rudiment in human beings.
Rudiment refers to the a beginning of any knowledge.
Rudimentary is also known as fundamental.
Rudimentary knowledge of grammar is essential for learning a language.
Ruga refers to a fold.
Gastric rugae can be seen in gastroscopy.
Rugose is also known as rugous.
Rugosity refers to the condition of being in wrinkles.
Rule refers to a defining characteristic of something.
Rule refers to any upright in framing.
Rule refers to lead or direct in a way.
The commercial rules are the rules in force.
Rule of law is established by acts.
Body should get nutrition as per the rules of proportions.
The ruler was very positive in approach.
Legal rules should be followed by all the citizens.
Rules and regulations governing the process of scrutiny of loan applications have been circulated to all.
Rules and regulations are important in the law.
One should follow the rules and regulations of the company.
The rules for professional property should be known for business.
Rules of business are framed for smooth and proper conduct of business.
Every commercial company obeys the rules of business.
The ruling given by the session judge will be followed by all subordinate courts in the district.
Government shoudl focus on the ruling gradient.
Ruling market price of the product is quite remunerative.
The ruling party in our country is congress.
Heard the rumbling of thunder causes terror in children.
Ruminant refers to chewing the cud.
Rumination refers to the remastication of swallowed food.
Rumours are spread to start riots.
Rump refers to the last or inferior part.
Rump refers to the fleshy hindquarters of an animal.
Runaway expenditure will dislocate all planned projects.
The runway inflation in the food articles during last few months has brought to miseries the poor sections of the society.
Run book is a collection of materials necessary to document a program run on a computer.
Rundown refers to poor physical condition.
Only run down land may be used for industrial purpose.
The balance in a running account can be ascertained anytime.
Running account bill should updated everyday.
Governmental institutions provide running allowance.
Running charges are to be debited in the order they are incurred.
The reporters give a running commentary of events as they unfold.
A running commentary of the proceedings of the Lok Sabha can be seen on the T. V.
Running commentary of the films was done in old days.
Running contract is due for renewal next year.
The running contract for the hostel has expired.
The building was selected as per the running contract.
Running cost of the factory has gone up considerably.
Under running credit the balance outstanding in the loan account should not exceed the credit limit at any time.
Running powers are generated through dams.
Good amount of running profit is indicative of healthy business.
Running repairs of the means of communications should be done from time to time.
The number of running staff in the office is high.
Running summary of facts is presented in the claim letter.
The run on a bank may be on account of rumours of its imminent collapse.
Run state is that stage of computer when it is ready to use.
Run time describes the operation of a computer program included the duration of its execution from beginning to termination.
Run time environment provides software services for processes or programs while a computer is running.
The aircraft ran on the runway.
Under rupee account scheme rupee equivalent is credited to the account opened.
Rupee counterpart funds were created by the wheat gifted by Canada to India in 1952 - 53
Many Asian Countries are under rupee currency area these days.
Rupee debt has been arranged on easy terms.
Sale proceeds may be realised in rupee equivalent.
Rupee loan being on high cost will be liquidated first.
Rupee paper is floated to meet monetary needs for specific purpose.
Some countries under bilateral agreement are rupee payment countries.
During a particular period income on rupee securities was negative.
Rupia refers to the foul yaws.
Rupia increase to form the foul ulcer.
Rupture refers to burst.
Rupture of hymen generally occurs in first sexual intercourse.
Rupture of spleen generally occurs secondary to trauma.
There is a hospital in the rural area of the district.
Ravi is a rural.
India is a country of rural areas.
Rural banking in India has a wide coverage.
Each individual bank has its own policy to set up rural centres.
Milk societies in Gujarat (Amul Pattern) is considered to be most successful rural co - operative society.
Government is determined on rural development.
The mainstay of the rural economy in India is agriculture.
The quantum of rural finance in India has increased considerably during last two decades.
Rural health centre provides affordable health care for rural residents.
There has been an increase in the rural income due to the cottage industries.
Rural indebtedness in India has some distinct features.
Most of the rural industries in India are facing lack of infrastructure.
A large network of rural branches is now operating in India for providing rural lending.
Rural reconstruction in India need vast resources and continuous efforts.
Many NGOs are engaged in rural rehabilitation in India.
The government projects have been administered for rural upliftment.
Any country can reach development through rurban projects.
The rush in the market to buy a particular commodity may be due to some rumour or possible scarcity.
At the end of the financial year one may find rush of expenditure by the government departments booking the unspent budgetary balances.
Russsian Bath refers to special way to take bath like Russians.
The administrative system has cought rust.
Four students had to face the rustication.
Sputum is released during bronchitis or bronchiectasis.
The departmental work is based on a rut.
In banks also sabbatical is granted for a period of one year for undertaking some study.
Send applications for sabbatical leave.
Sabotage is not the solution to any problem.
Rahul has got that attitude of sabotage.
The flood pushed sll the system in the state of sabotage.
Saburral Amaurosis refers to the infinite loss of vision.
Hernial sac was opened during the operation.
Sac refers to a pouch.
Saccadic movement is also known as saccade.
Saccate refers to have shape like a pouch.
Saccharated ferric oxide a brown powder and soluble in water.
Saccharephidrosis refers to a slight perspiration.
Sacchariferous refers to form sugar.
Saccharification refers to convert starch into sugar.
Saccharin is about 300 times as sweet as sucrose.
Saccharine refers to excessively sweet.
Pregnant mothers are cautioned to stay away from saccharin.
Saccharolytic refers to that causing the hydrolysis of sugars.
Saccharometer is like a hydrometer.
Saccharose is also known as sucrose.
Saccharum is also known as genus saccharum.
Saccharum Album refers to a form of saccharum which is white in colour.
Saccharum lactis is also known as lactose.
Sacciform refers to the general form of a sac.
Saccular refers to like a sac.
Saccular refers to the form of a sac.
Saccular aneurysm refers to an aneurysm that resembles a small sack.
A cerebral saccular aneurysm occurs in the circle of Willis area of the brain.
Laryngeal saccule is also known as sacculus laryngis
Saccus refers to have a sac like form.
Saccus endolymphaticus is also known as endolymphatic sac.
Saccus lacrimalis is also known as lacrimal sac.
Sachral is also known as sacral.
Sachralgia is also known as sacralgia.
Sacking workers is not a solution to any problem.
Know the legal side before sacking.
Sacral canal refers to the continuation of the vertebral canal in the sacrum.
Sacral ganglion refers to Any of three or four ganglions.
Sacral plexus is also known as ischiadic plexus.
Amphibians have one sacral vertebra.
Sacrectomy is also known as sacrotomy.
Some institutions consider investment in real property as sacred cow.
Sometime goods are sold at sacrifice price to avoid greater loss.
Sacro - represents sacrum in compound words.
Posterior sacrococcygeal ligament is also known as dorsal sacrococcygeal ligament.
Sacrocoxalgia refers to the pain in the sacrum and the coccyx.
Sacrocoxitis refers to the sacroiliac disease.
Sacroiliac refers to the sacroiliac region.
Sacrolumbar refers to belong to the sacrum and the loins.
In females, the sacrum is shorter and wider.
Sacrum is a part of the vertebral column.
Saddleback roof is a double sloping roof with a ridge and gables at each end.
Saddle joint refers to a vertical joint in sheet - metal roofing.
Saddle joint refers to a biaxial joint in which the double motion is effected by the opposition of two surfaces.
Saddle Nose is also known as saddleback nose.
Saddle Nose often a sign of congenital syphilis.
Sadism is a type of psychiatric disorder.
Sadism refers to degradation on another person.
Sadist refers to someone who obtains pleasure from receiving punishment.
Sadistic refers to cruelty.
Sadistic refers to a person who enjoys inflicting pain on others.
Sadness refers to sorrow.
A safe used in banks is made of special metal.
Senior citizens believe in safe expenditure.
In all the cases the court takes care of safe conduct.
The safe custody of valuable goods is important.
Poloticians are always in the safe custody of their body guards.
Safe deposit locker facility is provided by banks to its customers on advance payment of rent and with some deposit.
Safe deposit vault in banks is generally constructed underground.
Deposit the fee for safeguard in the office.
The cost of safeguarding is very high.
The couple used to have sex during safe period.
Banks insist for a safe pledge while granting secured loan.
Safe rhythm method is not totally safe to avoid conception.
Safe rhythm method is a natural birth control method.
Police is looking after the safety of people.
The youth and cultural minister asjed regarding the safety of players.
Make use of the safety devices.
Lost commuters are guided by the safety lamps.
A safety net has been provided near the vault operated electronically.
Obey the safety regulations.
Safflower oil is aso known as saffron thistle or bastard saffron.
Safflower oil is used in the management of hypercholesterolemia.
Saffron have blue flowers with large yellow stigmas.
The body of safianema is attenuated.
Safranin is used to detect gram negative and gram positive bacteria.
Sage is found with grayish green foliage.
Sage - femme refers to the midwife.
Certain market operators try to hammer the prices by sagging to serve their own interests.
The sagging growth in demand of automobiles will discourage the new comers in the field.
Sagittae is a sun like star.
Sagittal refers to resemblance like an arrow.
Sagittal refers to situated in the direction of the sagittal suture.
The shape of sagittate leaves is like an arrow.
Sago palms are related to coniferous tree.
The sailing vessel is insured.
Salt refers to a pharmacological term for salt.
Salaceous refers to lecherous.
Salacity refers to the trait of behaving in an obscene manner.
Sal ammoniac is also known as ammonium chloride.
The salaried persons should be paid their salary in time.
The salaried class pays maximum tax.
The salary of previous month would be paid on the first day of the next month.
Salary account of all departments are maintained at one place.
The salaru audit register is with the cashier.
The salary check register will be checked tomorrow.
Collect the salary cheque from the clerk.
Salary deductions will be implemented.
The Sixth Pay Commission has tried to remove the salary differential.
Amendment of salary was demanded in the salary review.
Improvement of the salary structure is necessary.
Sale of dictionary of administrative words cannot be done.
All saleable items are displayed in the show room.
Be careful in making entries in the sale account.
Sale agreement with validity for one year has been signed.
The current status of sales can be understood from sale analysis.
Under sale and lease back ownership passes to the leasee, and the leasee may pay rent for its use.
These medicines will be sold through the sale by private treaty.
Sale by sample is a popular mode of marketing.
Sale deed for immovable property is required to be registered.
Sale document should clearly state the description of goods, price, terms of payment / sale etc.
Sale document should clearly state the description of goods, price, terms of payment / sale etc.
The terms for sale on credit are decided by the seller and the purchaser through mutual agreement.
Sales account in the store has to be verified and installed daily.
A regular bill may be prepared on the basis of sales draft.
Sales on tap is usually referred to in the context of selling government securities.
The sales proceeds are generally calculated after deducting expenses on sale.
Sales turnover is showing increasing trend during the year.
Sale value may be market price or as may be decided by the parties concerned.
Saliferous represents to yield salt.
He was given an infusion of saline to prevent dehydration.
Saline solution is a solution of sodium chloride.
Saline solution is also known as salt solution.
Salinometer is also known as salimeter.
Saliva contains antibacterial compound that protects teeth from decaying.
Salive lubricates chewed food.
Salivant refers to an agent that increases the flow of saliva.
Salivary duct opens in salivarium.
The patient was complaining of drooling due to increased salivary secretion.
The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands.
Salivary calculus refers to a stone formed in the salivary gland.
Salivary calculus refers to abnormal concretion of mineral salts formed inside the salivary gland.
Salivary duct is also called as secretory duct.
Salivary fistula refers to one communicating with a salivary duct.
Salivary gland secretes saliva in oral cavity that helps in lubricating food.
Saliva flow can be measured or doctors may biopsy salivary gland tissue.
Salivary gland that malfunction or swell can decrease saliva production.
Ptyalin is an enzyme present in salivary juice.
Reduced salivation in the patient was causing difficulty in swallowing.
Excessive salivation can found during some pregnancy.
Salivator refers to any agent that causes salivation.
Salk Vaccine is used for disease poliomyelitis.
Sallow refers to sickly yellowish complexion.
A salmonella infection is a foodborne illness.
Sal needle nematode cause damage to corn plant.
Salpingectomy is also used to treat an ectopic pregnancy.
Salpingitic refers to belong with salpingitis.
Salpingitis is usually treated with antibiotics.
In acute salpingitis, the fallopian tubes become red and swollen.
A Hystero - Salpingogram is a special radiological examination of the uterus and Fallopian tubes.
Salpingography is done only after giving the injection of radiopaque contrast medium.
Salpingolithiasis also simulate acute appendicitis.
Salpingolysis refers to freeing the uterine tube from adhesions.
Unilateral salpingo - oophorectomy is the surgical removal of a fallopian tube and an ovary.
Salpingo - oophoritis is also known as tubo - ovaritis.
Salpingoperitonitis refers to the Inflammation of a fallopian tube, the perisalpinx, and the peritoneum.
Salpingopexy refers to the operative fixation of an oviduct.
Salpingoplasty is also known as tuboplasty.
Salpinx refers to an auditory tube.
The patient was adviced to reduce salt intake.
Salt is a colorless or white crystalline solid.
Buyers may not be interested in goods where salt an account is noticed.
In Orthoptera legs are modified for saltatoria movement.
Salt - free Diet is required for the treatment of hypertension and other conditions.
Salt - free diet is used in the management of hypertension.
Salting - in cause increase in solubility.
Salting out is done by adding salt to a mixture to precipitate proteins, soaps, and other simple organic compounds.
Salubrious refers to salutary.
Salubrious refers to that favorable to health.
Salus refers to be healthy.
Salutary refers to favourable to health.
Salvage charges are paid to a person who has saved a super cargo.
The salvage value of the goods is valued by the insurance company.
Salve refers to an unctuous adhesive substance for application to wounds.
Saliva mainly acts on carbohydrates due to salivary amilase.
Salvia aegyptiaca belongs to family Lamiaceae.
Vine Maple produce samara type of fruit.
Sample check of the specified goods meant for export is conducted at custom post.
Sample survey in India covers various aspects and is a regular process.
Sampling is a widely acceptable method of conducting a survey etc.
Computational method used for sampling HIV molecules.
The applet that comes with this WWW page is an interactive demonstration that will show the basics of sampling theory.
Sanation refers to the process of healing.
Sanatorium is also known as sanitarium.
Sanatory refers to healing.
Prior sanction for additional expenditure is required to be obtained.
No amount of expenditure can be incurred or loan advanced beyond the sanctioned limits.
Sanctioning authority has to operate within the powers delegated to him.
In the international market sanctions against one country by another country are imposed for dumping.
Sand refers to disintegrated rock.
Sandalwood is used in treatment of some ailments of digestive system.
The oil extracted from sandal wood is used to make perfumes.
He was advised knee exercise with sandbags tied to his calf.
A sand bath is used in conjunction with a hot plate or heating mantle.
Sand - bath allows a reaction vessel to be heated throughout with minimal stirring.
Sand fly is also known as sandfly.
Sand - fly fever is a viral infection.
Sane refers to be reasonable.
Sanguifacient is also known as hematopoietic.
Sanguiferous act like the capillaries.
Sanguiferous is also known as circulatory2.
Sanguification refers to haematosis.
Sanguifluxus refers to the process of flowing blood.
Sanguine refers to reddish colour.
Sanguine refers to cheerfully optimistic.
Sanguine refers to passionate.
Sanguineous refers to the aboundinace of blood.
Sanguineous refers to the bloodshed
Sanguineous refers to belong to the blood.
Sanguinolent refers to contain blood.
Sanguinopurulent refers to contain blood and pus.
Blood transports respiratory gases.
Streptococcus sanguis is a bacterial species.
Sanguivorous refers to that feeding on blood like leeches and insects.
Sanies refers to pus like discharge.
Sanious refers to be characterized by ichor.
Sanitarium is also known as sanatorium.
Sanitary refers to remain healthy.
Sanitary conditions were maintained in the hospital.
Sanitary refers to belong to health.
Sanitary represents the healthy life.
He is a sanitory inspector in our district.
A sanitory inspector was inspecting foods for any adulteration.
One should use only sanitary latrine to prevent spread of diseases.
Sanitary towels are made up of absorbent materials.
Water from the sanitary wells is more hygienic.
Sanitation refers to disposal of sewage.
Environmental sanitation includes wastewater and sewage management.
Sanitization refers to make something sanitary.
Sanity refers to the soundness of mind.
Santalam Album refers to white sandalwood tree.
The extract from santalum album is used to make perfumes.
Santonica refers to any of several European wormwoods.
The sap flow in phloem cells by pressure flow hypothesis mechanism.
Sap carry food and other substances to the various tissues.
Vena saphena is either of two chief superficial veins of the leg.
Sapientiaedentes are the last teeth to erupt in the mouth.
Sapo refers to the soap.
Saponaceous refers to resembling a soap.
Saponification literally means soap making.
Sapor refers to that which produce relish.
Saporific refers to give anything a power to become acceptable.
Sapphism refers to lesbianism.
Sapremia results from the absorption of the products of putrefaction.
Saprodontia is also known as dental caries.
Saprogen causes decay.
Saprogenic refers to putrefaction.
Saprophagous invertebrates feed on organic decaying matter.
Some fungi are saprophytes.
Saprophyte are most fungi and a few flowering plants.
Fungus or bacterium are saprophyte that grows and derives its nutrition from decaying organic matter.
Saprophytic refers to obtain food osmotically from dissolved organic material.
Saprostomous refers to have a bad breath.
Sapwood conduct sap and water in tree.
Sarchinae are mostly harmless saprophytes.
Sarcina are gas - producing bacteria.
Sarcitis refers to the irritation related to sarcitis.
Sarco refers to flesh.
Sarcoblast is also known as myoblast.
Sarcocele refers to the sarcoma of the testis.
Sarcode refers to the protoplasm.
Sarcoid can be induced to symblepharon.
Any disfunction of the sarcolemma may cause muscular dystrophy.
Sarcology includes myology, angiology,
The patient died of a sarcoma last month.
A soft tissue sarcoma is a form of a cancer.
Sarcomatoid cells are typically oval shaped.
Sarcomatosis refers to the development of many sarcomas.
Sarcomatous refers to the nature of a sarcoma.
Organism that derives its nutrition from animals, tissues or flesh are sarcophagous.
The comparison of sarcoplasm with cytoplasm.
When muscle cell is stimulated sarcoplasmic reticulum releases large amount of calcium.
Sarcopoietic refers to make muscle.
Sarcosis refers to the growth of fleshy tumor.
Sarcotic refers to belong to the sarcosis.
Sarcotic refers to promote the growth of flesh.
Sarcous refers to belong with flesh.
Sarcous refers to that consist of flesh.
Sardonic is also known as sarcastic.
Poisoning with strychnine may result in a risus sardonicus.
The egg of sarisodera remains in the body.
The sarsaparilla plant is mostly a vine.
A satellite vein was used for reconstruction of artery.
There were multiple satellite lesions of the malignancy.
Satellite is a celestial body.
The first artificial satellite, Sputnik I, was launched by the USSR on October 4, 1957.
A satellite dealer has limited authority to allow a discount.
A satellite office has limited powers to dispose off loan applications upto certain limit.
The broadcast signal used in satellite radio transmission is strong and you will only need a small receiver to be able to listen to your favorite music.
Satellitism refers to supply needed micronutrients.
Satiety refers to beyond capacity.
Goods at satiety price can be sold easily in the market.
On satisfying all costs delivery will be made.
On satisfying all costs delivery will be made.
Minimum margin money has to be deposited to satisfy the conditions of loan sanction.
Saturate is also known as soak.
Saturated fat is fat consists of triglycerides.
Saturated solution of salt in water was given to him to induce vomiting.
In saturated solution any more solute added will sit as crystals on the bottom of the container.
In severe anemia, oxygen saturation of blood is decreased.
Saturation refers to the process of saturating.
Many natural phenomena display saturation.
Saturation index is also known as Langelier Index.
Saturnine is also known as sullen.
Saturnismus refers to plumbism.
Satyriasis refers to increase of venereal desire in males.
Save this file on Desktop.
In some Self - Help Groups the principal of save as you earn has been implemented which has proved very successful.
Surplus generating assets are called saver 's surplus.
Savill 's Disease refers to concerning epidemic eczema.
A regular saving may help in time of need.
A savings bank account can be opened with a small amount under no frill account scheme.
Savings cum recurring deposits give slightly better returns.
Some banks allow unlimited withdrawal in savings deposit account.
A number of savings instruments are available which may suit the needs of variety of people.
A number of savings instruments are available which may suit the needs of variety of people.
Savings media preference for different class of people in the society may differ.
A study for savings potential has been conducted in the area before opening of the branch.
Saw refers to the medical instrument used in excision operation.
The sawtooth wave is the form of the vertical and horizontal deflection signals used to generate a raster on CRT - based television or monitor screens.
Scab refers to the upper dry skin formed over the ulcer.
Scabicidal refers to dangerous for itch - mites.
Permethrin is used as a scabicide.
Scabicide refers to an agent lethal to Sarcoptes scabiei.
Scabies is also known as sarcoptic mange.
Scabies Vesicula Humida refers to a kind of watery itch.
Scabrities unguium refers to a very pronounced thickening and distortion of the nails.
Scala refers to any one of the three canals of the cochlea.
We started High Scalability to help you build successful scalable websites.
When you install a new scalable typeface, any running font servers that are using that directory need to be told to read the directory for the new font or fonts.
In some contexts, a scalar value may be understood to be numeric.
Scalariform conjugation exist in Spirogyra.
A child was in great pain due to a scald produced by hot water.
Scald refers to body injury caused by scalding.
Scald head is also known as Tinea capitis.
Fahrenheit scale is used for the measurement of temperature.
Silvery scales can be seen on the skin in psoriasis.
Scale refers to measurement.
Scale refers to remove the thin covering.
Scale armour refers to protective garments similar to animal scales.
Scale protects other plant part.
The scale audit will cover large scale infrastructure rebuilding activities.
Scaled refers to have thin and dry layer.
Efforts are required to trim the scaled up expenditure.
Scale leaf is a type of leaf that is part of protective sheath.
Scale of charges for various banking services have been displayed on the notice board.
The scale of consumption of a particular item will decide its level of production.
Scaling refers to the process of having crust.
Scall refers to a type of eczema.
Scall refers to the irritation.
Scall refers to the division related to the skin infection.
Examination revealed a wound on his scalp.
Scalp refers to the skin covering related to the top of the human head.
An abdominal incision was made with the help of a scalpel.
A scalpel is used in anatomical dissection.
Scalpel is used during in dissection.
Scaphocephaly is also known as dolichocephaly.
Scaly skin refers to toughness of the skin.
Scam in loan portfolio with subsidy was unearthed by the auditors.
It may be difficult to find a scam proof economy in existence in any part of the world.
To keep away a scamster a sound system of checks and procedures should be in position.
The application of scan conversion is wide and covers video projectors, cinema equipment, TV and video capture cards, LCD monitors and many different aspects of picture and video processing.
A scanline algorithm is characterized by the order in which it generates the picture elements of the image.
A scanner is used in the laboratory to measure different properties.
The CT scanner is a special kind of x - ray machine.
This scanning service provider is offering image scanning services at low rate.
Scanning refers to analyze into metrical patterns.
Scanning of signature has made documentation easy.
Scanty refers to lacking fullness.
One of the bones in the carpus is scaphoid shaped.
Scaphoid bone is the largest bone of the proximal row of wrist bones.
Scaphoid abdomen is also known as navicular abdomen.
Scaphoid Abdomen refers to the shape of abdomen like a boat.
The scaphoid bone is one of the carpal bones of the wrist.
Scapula is placed on the posterolateral part of the thoracic cage.
Scapula is also known as shoulder blade.
Scapulalgia is also known as scapulodynia.
Scapular refers to belong with scapula.
Scapulary refers to the scapula.
Scapulectomy refers to the surgical removal of the scapula.
Scapulopexy is done to the spinous process of the vertebrae.
Scapus refers to the column of a structure.
Examination revealed a scar present on the scalp.
A scar was present on the upper part of the thigh.
Scar refers to the lingering sign of injury.
Scarce goods are being sold at a very high price.
Scarce money is considered to be a good store of value.
Scarce resources like water are to be used judiciously.
Scarce savings be used in extraordinary circumstances only.
Government has declared 2000 villages as scarcity area due to failure of monsoon.
Scarcity value of water can be well realised in desert areas.
Scarfskin refers to the epidermis.
Scarification is sometimes called cicatrization.
Scarificator is used to scarify the skin.
Scarlatina is also known as scarlet fever.
Scarlatina Anginosa refers is carried by throat affection.
Scarlatina haemorrhagica refers to the frequent bleeding from the nose and into the intestine.
Scarlatinal nephritis is an acute glomerulonephritis.
Scarlatina Maligna is also known as Malignant Scarlet Fever.
Scarlatina simplex refers to the mild forms of scarlatina anginosa.
Scarlatiniform refers to the resemblance to scarlet fever.
Scarlatinous refers to like a scarlet fever.
The rash is the most striking sign of scarlet fever.
Scatology is also known as coprology.
Scatophagy is also called as coprophagy.
Scatoscopy refersa to the examination of the feces for diagnostic purposes.
Monocyte is a type of scavenger cell.
Scenarios are frequently used as part of the systems development process.
Scent is also known as fragrance.
The scent gland are found in genital area and other part of the body.
A bank can be considered to become a scheduled bank after satisfying certain conditions.
To become a scheduled commercial bank the concerned bank has to satisfy certain conditions.
A scheduled industry may be considered for grant of certain concessions.
Scheduled interest has been incorporated in the agreement.
A special discount of 5% on the scheduled price is being granted on the new year.
The Bus will leave for the airport at the scheduled time.
Schedule of demands of the union has been forwarded to the Head Office.
Schedule of property has been attached with the declaration.
Schedule of rates is available at the counter and displayed on the notice board.
Schedule of receipts prepared at the counter should tally with the total amount received.
A copy of schedule of repayment proposed by the branch be given to the borrower.
The Microsoft Task Scheduler is a little FREE tool that comes with your Windows installation and "hides" in the "Control Panel" folder.
Schedules of debit and credit should match with the balance.
Schema refers to outline or model.
Schema refers to diagram or scheme.
Schematic capture is also known as schematic entry.
Under schematic lending recovery percentage is much higher.
An schematic programme in lending in rural areas may be more effective.
Loan for 20 new wells will be provided in the village under schematic term lending plan.
Government is running a health scheme for benefit of rural people.
A scheme of treatment is planned for the patient.
Scheme refers to an orderly combination of related parts.
Scheme of amalgamation has been approved in the meeting of board of directors.
Schistocyte is commonly observed in the blood in hemolytic anemia.
Schistosoma is also known as blood - flukes.
The fruit of Malva moschata is schizocarp type.
The development of the schizocoel in the nematode Pontonema vulgare.
Schizogenous cavity is formed in the centre.
Schizogony is also called as merogony.
Schizoid is marked by withdrawan and inability to form close relationships.
Schizoid is also refered as schizotypal personality.
The species of schizomycetes lack chlorophyll.
Schizomycetes comprise all the bacteria and prokaryotes.
Schizonts can be seen during developmental stages of malarial parasite.
Schizont refers to sporozoan cell that reproduces by schizogony.
Schizonychia refers to the splitting of the nails or claws.
Schizophasia is also called as word salad.
Schizophrenia is treated with antipsychotic medications.
Schizophrenia is a chronic, severe and disabling brain disorder.
Schizophrenic refers to characterized by schizophrenia.
Schizophrenic refers to exhibiting symptoms of schizophrenia
Schneiderian membrane refers to the mucosa lining the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses.
All in sudents would be awarded scholarships in higher education.
The scholarship bill was presented to the lower house.
Services from medical professionals are essential to maintain school health.
She is complaining of stiffness in the left sciatic region.
The sciatic nerve is also known as the ischiadic nerve.
He had severe pain in the right thigh region due to sciatica.
She was unable to walk due to sciatica.
The pain of sciatica is typically felt from the low back to behind the thigh and radiating down below the knee.
Sciatic hernia is also called as ischiocele.
Sciatic nerve pain occurs throughout legs.
Sciatic neuritis refer to pain anywhere along the course of the sciatic nerve.
Medicine is a branch of science that deals with treatment of diseases.
Science refers to branch of study dealing with a body of facts or truths.
This is a scientific method to study digestion.
Scientific visualization requires enormous computing resources, and the supercomputer centers and national laboratories throughout the world are always at the forefront of such activity.
He is a scientist in the field of botany.
Scientists perform research toward a more comprehensive understanding of nature.
Scirrhoid refers to resemble scirrhous.
Scirrhous is hard and fibrous.
Scirrhus is made up of much fibrous connective tissue.
Scission refers to splitting or dividing.
The patient primarily showed scissor gait as a result of his brain injury.
A scissor was used to cut the sutures.
The fallopian tubes were cut with the help of a scissor.
Scissor gait is a form of gait abnormality.
Sclera is the outermost layer of the eye containing collagen and elastic fiber.
Sclera is also known as the white or white of the eye.
Scleral refers to the firm white fibrous membrane of eye.
Sclerectasis refers to bulging of the sclera lined with uveal tissue.
Sclerectoiridectomy refers to the excision of a portion of the sclera and the iris.
Sclerectomy is performed in glaucoma surgery.
Sclerencephalia refers to sclerosis of the brain.
Sclerenchyma is found in stem and leaves.
Scleriasis refers to induration of any part, including scleroderma.
Scleriritomyis done in anterior staphyloma.
Sclerite in arthopods is made of protein chain.
Scleritis may be localized, nodular or diffuse.
Sclerodactyly is commonly accompanied by atrophy of the underlying soft tissues.
Scleroderma means hard skin.
Sclerogenous refers to produce hard tissue.
Scleroiritis refers to the inflammation of both sclera and iris.
Sclerokeratitis refers to the inflammation of both sclera and cornea.
Sclerokeratoiritis refers to the inflammation inside the sclera, cornea and iris.
Scleromalacia refers to the thinning of the white of the eye due to inflammation.
Primary sclerosing cholangitis is a chronic liver disease.
Sclerosing adenosis is a benign condition.
Sclerosing Keratitis refers to inflammation of the cornea with scleritis.
Sclerosis of arteries is one of the contributing factors in hypertension.
Multiple sclerosis is also known as disseminated sclerosis.
Sclerotic refers to belong with sclera.
Sclerotic refers to the sclera.
Sclerotitis is also known as scleritis.
Sclerotization is a process by which cuticle of arthopod is hardened.
The exoskeleton in arthopods is sclerotized.
Sclerotome refers to a deep somatic track.
Sclerotomy refers to the surgical incision into the sclera.
Sclerous refers to hard or bony structure.
Scolex is present either in the larva or adult stage.
Scolioma refers to the condition of abnormal curve of the spine.
Restriction of physical activities may occur in severe scoliosis.
Scoliosis is a condition that can affect the spines.
Scoliotic refers to get affected by scoliosis.
Scoop usually have a deep curved dish and a short handle.
Scrobiculus is also known as epigastric fossa.
Scorbutic refers to involve into scurvy.
Scorbutic gums are swollen and bleed easily.
Scorbutic refers to have scurvy symptoms.
Scorbutic refers to get affected by scurvy.
corbutus refers to a condition caused by deficiency of ascorbic acid.
Apgar score indicates a newborn 's physical condition.
Scotoma is also known as scotomata.
Scotomatous refers to belong with scotoma.
Scotometer refers to perimeter.
Scotometry refers to the examination related to scotoma.
Preeclampsia can be associated with scotoma.
Scotopic Sensitivity Syndrome is also referred to as Irlen Syndrome.
Scotopic vision is also known as scotopia.
Scotopic vision is also known as night vision.
Scourge refers to punish with severity.
Scouring refers to the act of cleaning a surface by rubbing it.
Scout has been constituted to promote social service in the society.
Scraping refers to grate harshly over.
Scraping of skin is usually done for cytological study.
Scraping of the lesion was done by a nurse.
Unused / outdated machine may be sold at scrap value in the market.
He survived from accident without a single scratch on his body.
Scratch refers to rub.
Scratching refers to mark.
I use this USB drive as a scratchpad storage area, when I don 't want to store draft copies of documents on my hard drive.
Lead screens are used for protection from x - rays.
In sonography, images of internal organs are produced on a screen.
You can download a 30 day free trial version of software to make screen dump.
The Screen image projector is broken into two applications: Projector, and Viewer.
He has passed the screening.
Screening of individuals was done for swine flu symptoms.
Screening is done to detect unsuspected disease.
The screening committee has forwarded the names of two persons.
The share can be sold with scrip dividend or without that.
After scrip issue there may be more shares in the market for trading and prices may fall.
A script is easily tradable in the market.
Scripts that appear within a SCRIPT element are executed when the document is loaded.
The XFA Scripting System is an interpreter for an XML - based scripting language.
Early script languages were often called batch languages or job control languages.
Script money is acceptable as settlement of debt.
Scrobiculus cordis is also known as epigastric fossa.
Scrofula refers to struma.
Scrofuloderma is also known as Tuberculosis cutis colliquativa.
Scrofulosis refers to scrophulosis.
Scrofulous refers to belong to scrofula.
Scrofulous refers to that involved with scrofula.
Scrofulous Abscess refers to have the curdled and flanky matter.
In a WIMP - style graphical user interface, scrolling is done with the help of a scrollbar or using keyboard shortcuts, often the arrow keys.
Scrotal refers to lying within a scrotum.
Scrotal hernia is also known as hernia in the groin area.
Scrotal Hernia referred to as an inguinal hernia.
Scrotal Sac refers to the scrotum.
Scrotectomy refers to the partial or complete excision of the scrotum.
Scrotitis refers to the inflammation of the scrotum.
He had a painful swelling in the right side of his scrotum.
Scrotum is the sac that contains the testes.
Surgeon performed a thorough hand and forearm scrub before operation.
Scruple refers to a minute part.
The scrutiny brought out many evidences
SCSI is most commonly used for hard disks and tape drives, but it can connect a wide range of other devices, including scanners and CD drives.
A scuba set is an independent breathing set.
Scum refers to the scoria of metals in a molten state.
Scuff refers to dandruff.
Scurf refers to any scaly matter on a surface.
Hair loss can be observed in the Scurfy region of the skin of the individual.
Fresh lemons are useful in the treatment of scurvy.
The occuance of Scurvy in the modern wold is seldom encountered.
The Scute gives a good potective nature to the body part.
Scute of the body cannot be easily pierced through as compared to the skin.
Scutellonema species causes destruction of crop plant.
In Hemiptera scutellum is in the shape of triangle.
Scutellum absorb nutrients from the endosperm.
The Scutulum can be observed in the face of the person which is near the beard area.
Scutum is a plate like structure in the thorax.
The faeces of the individual are observed to be scybalous.
Scybalum has made the colon of the individual deform in shape.
Scyphoid fracture was observed in the individaul after he meet with an accident.
Scytitis was observed in both male as well as female populations that was surveyed.
Sea borne trade constitutes a major portion of the international trade.
Sea customs may be charged on both import and export items.
Rates of sea insurance may be lower than the air insurance for goods.
Platelets aggregate and form a plug to seal breach in the vessel wall.
The seal on the medicine bottle proves that it can be consumed.
Affixing or putting a seal provide authenticity to the document.
A contract by a body can be authenticated by a seal (or by sealing it).
Sealed security can be used as an acceptable evidence in law.
Sealed tender is to be opened at the specified time on fixed date in presence of authorised persons.
Sealing down of debt by the company will help cutting cost.
Seamless banking is the new age banking.
You can search your query on Google.
Google provides the most comprehensive search on the Web.
Online Mahabharata Indexer developed by Sanskrit Centre, JNU is a searchable indexing system of Mahabharata which is available online at http: / / sanskrit. jnu. ac. in / mb / index. jsp.
Search and replace is a common function in word processors, text editors and source code editors.
www. guruji. com is a crawler based algorithmic search engine for India.
Online Mahabharata Indexer is a dynamic online system which provides searching facility related with Mahabharata.
Sesame oil is a rich source of vitamin E.
The spread of Sea - sickness has made the people stay away from travelling though water o in cruises.
Seasonal advance is generally short - term advance.
Wheat and gram are seasonal crops grown as rabi crops in India.
Seasonal fluctuation of antibody level to HIV.
Seasonal fluctuations are generally noticed in food prices before and after harvesting seasons.
Seasonal index will indicate an upward or downward movement in prices as compared to the base year.
Sugarcane crushing industry is a seasonal industry.
Seasonal liquidity of banks shows a great improvement when marketing season of crops start, and loans are repaid.
Crop loans are short term seasonal loans.
For agriculture labouers engaged in crop cutting operations, harvesting season provide them seasonal occupation.
Seasonal peak in marketing in any country is festival season.
Seasonal stringency may continue for a few months more.
Seasonal trend in prices in a regular tendency in most of the markets.
A seasoned market man is an asset to the organisation.
Seasoned security is readily acceptable to the bank for lending purposes.
Seasoned security is readily acceptable to the bank for lending purposes.
He said that the seatworm spreads due to unhygenic body conditions.
The cyst is Sebaceous and is present on the peripheri of the body structure.
Sebaceous Cyst is a surgical procedure which is carried out without any risk.
The hair are seen to grow out from the tiny opening of the Sebaceous Follicle.
Sebaceous glands produce sebum that lubricates skin and hair.
Sebaceous glands become more active at the time of puberty.
Sebaceous Follicle was seen to be present only in human beings.
Sebiparous glands were oberved to be diseased and teatment was necessary.
Sebolith was observed in the gland of the individual when he was examined by the doctor.
The skin disease which can cause Seborrhoea were listed and explained to the individuals.
Seborrhoea Capillitis can be controlled by using this medicine on head just before taking bath.
The dugs for the treatment of Seborrhoea Corporis were being manufactured by the pharmaceutical company.
The shinny appearance is as the individual is suffering from Seborrhoea Faciei.
Seborrhoea Oleosa was associated along with severe hair loss in the individual.
After carying out the survey it was found out that Seborrhoea Sicca is more comon in early adults.
The individual was told by the doctor that he is suffering from seborrhoeic disease.
Sebum is found to be present in most parts of the body.
Secernetea have no respiratory system.
His difficulty in walking is secondary to severe pain in his joints.
The pressor effect of vasopressin is secondary to its antidiuretic effect.
The treatment is of Secondary importance to the doctor.
Pen drive is called a secondary data storage device.
Secondary Adhesion was observed on the wound of the individual after he meet with an accident.
Chronic bleeding piles may result in secondary anaemia.
Secondary Atelectasis is observed to be seen in most of humans other than the other older age groups.
The Secondary Gain was first observed in the soldires duing the wold war II.
Secondary Gout was observed to be found in most of the aged individuals.
Roots of the vascular plants gets thicker due to secondary growth.
AIDS patients are at more risk of having secondary infections.
In secondary market shares / stocks are sold by the share holders / brokers.
Secondary money may be of use but not as essential as the primary one.
It is at this time that the Secondary Oocyte is eleased by the ovary.
Hyperpasasite is also know as secondary parasite.
Secondary pest is resistant to pesticides.
Secondary phloem is derived from vascular cambium.
Secondary root grows in thickness.
Secondary segmentation is mainly common in living arthropods.
The presence of beard is secondary sexual characters.
The secondary station will create and use a local ODBC entry that references the networked database resources.
Diagonosis of Secondary Syphilis was carried out only after the required blood tests were conducted.
Secondary xylem is derived from vascular cambium.
In case of creation of 2nd charge notice should be served to the first lender.
Second class paper may sometime offer better yield.
In the early 1960s, the IBM 1401 and Honeywell 400 were examples of second - generation computer.
The second generation of reforms in financial sector will soon be initiated.
Secondment sometime become necessary in a big size organisation.
Engaging a worker on secondment basis is not an employment given on regular basis.
It is desirable to create the second mortgage in consultation with the first lender.
It is desirable to create the second mortgage in consultation with the first lender.
If a database has only single - field primary keys, it is automatically in Second Normal Form.
In case of second of exchange it is only necessary to accept or pay the one copy the, other two being unpaid.
The second source might be a firm that presently serves other markets, or it might be a potential supplier that does not presently operate elsewhere.
The presence of this substance in the Secreta was confirmed ater carrying out the tests.
Secret assets are known only to few in the organisation.
Secret assets are known only to few in the organisation.
Secret document has been kept in a locker duly sealed.
Its function is to Secrete a juice which helps in the process of digestion.
The secreted goods were recoverd from a jungle.
Secretions of pancreas helps in digestion.
The secretion of the thyroid is necessay for the proper functioning of the body.
The Secretogogue medicine was prescribed by the doctor as it was malfunctioning.
The medicine which was consumed by th individual was Secretoinhibitory in nature.
The branches of the Secretomotor fibre was observed to be very complex.
The Secretor test was necessary to examine the problem in the individual.
The cell present in the tissue is Secretory in nature.
Secretory granules take part in exocytosis.
The fibers of the Secretory Nerve were observed under a elctron microscope.
It is difficult to identify / see the secret reserves by a sample perusal of the balance sheet.
Abdominal section was performed for intussusception.
A section of large intestine was removed in the surgery.
A cross section of a tissue was mounted under the microscope.
Section 4 of the Negotiable Instrument Act defines a Promissory Note.
The book on frauds has been divided into ten sections.
The sector holds a block of data that is read or written at one time.
Imbalances in sectoral advances are to be reviewed by a high level committee.
Sectoral cap as suggested by the commission should not be violated.
Sectoral flow of credit has to be as per the recommendations of the credit review committee.
Sectoral flow of credit has to be as per the recommendations of the credit review committee.
Secular average of price level will help maintaining current level of production.
Due to secular decline in share prices investors have lost in the market.
Secular growth in the production of food grains will ease the price situations.
The state of secular stagnation in industrial sector has hampered job creation in this sector.
The secular trend of progress in IT sector has helped many new entities to enter the market.
The secular trend of progress in IT sector has helped many new entities to enter the market.
More complication was observed in case of Secundigravida.
Woman and the chid has to face hazardous condition during delivery if the secundine comes out first.
Women who is Secundipara had a noraml delivery.
Lesser complications and problems were observed in Secundiparity as compared to first time child delivery.
The medication is secundis horis and after that needs to drink a lot of water.
Secundum Artem is being explained to the newely enrolled medical doctors.
A lender secured by mortgage enjoy certain special rights.
A secured creditor has the priority claim charge over the specified assets of the debtor.
Under secured loan in case of default by the borrower, the lender can force the sale of assets provided as security.
Under secured loan in case of default by the borrower, the lender can force the sale of assets provided as security.
Extending the credit facility on secured or clean basis depend on the type of loan and creditworthiness of the borrower.
Securities affiliation has a matter that has to be decided by the bank.
Indian securities market is developed and well regulated.
The lending institution is benefited by this arrangement of securitisation of debt as it get large amount of funds for reinvestment.
Housing loans or car loans or other assets of homogenous nature form major part of the securitised assets.
Housing loans or car loans or other assets of homogenous nature form major part of the securitised assets.
Ribcage provides security to lungs from external trauma.
Banks ATM has been provided 24 hours security.
All employees of bank to be posted in cash department are required to execute a security bond.
Security capital provides confidence in business operations.
The security deposit will be refunded on completion of the work satisfactory.
In the wake of security alert in the city tight security measure may be ensured in the bank.
Loan against security of shares may not be granted more than 50% of their prevailing market price.
The security paper is considered to be counterfeit proof.
Security prices in respect of the securities pledged with bank are valued from time to time.
In a fake note security thread (in notes) will not glow and would not look continuous from the back side.
The Amount of Sedation was such that it caused death of two children.
Diazepam is used as a sedative.
Medicine was Sedative and was often given to him in larger amount.
Sedentary life style results in increased health problems.
Todays genereation prefer more of sedentary work.
Sedentary is characterized by no physical activity.
Microscopic examination of urine sediment was carried out.
The sediments were colected from the liquid and their composition was studied.
The process of sendimentation was observed when the liquid was added with a highly concentrated acid.
The anaemitic conditions were confirmed in the individual after studying the sedimentation rate.
The sedimentator is found primarily in almost all laboratories.
The new launched Sedimentometer is found out to be more cheaper.
Seductor gubernaculi is a cuticularized structure.
Spermatophytes comprise of those plants that reproduce through seed.
Seed coat is an outer layer of seed.
To grow a good healthy plant, good soil is required in seeding.
The seed money may be in the form of promoter 's equity contribution or a loan on generous terms.
The seed money may be in the form of promoter 's equity contribution or a loan on generous terms.
An efficient method for delivery of seed protectant.
Many chemicals are used in seed treatment prior to planting of seeds.
A large segment of sigmoid colon was affected by cancer.
The lowermost segment of the bone was observed to be completely destroyed.
Segemnta spine fixation technique was being more effective and mostly recommended by doctors.
The solution was injected inorder to induce Segmental Anaesthesia.
The segmental appandages are not present on the caterpillar abdomen.
Segementation of the nerve tissue was carried out inorder to mount it under a microscope.
Segregated limits for loans are mentioned in the sanctioned letter.
The alleles of segregating population are also segregated.
Segregation of patients was done on the basis of their symptoms.
The Segregation pattern of the genes was being studied in the individual.
The alleles are separated in segregation.
The Segregator that is being proposed is a new modified model.
Seigniorage goes to the mint account.
The tails of species of genus seinura are not conical.
Seismocardiogram was being used to find out the condition of the individuals heart.
The mdern day Seismocardiography is more cheaper and highly efficient giving productive results.
Shaking, intense heat, wind, or raindrops etc causes seismonasty movement.
He is suffering from epileptic seizures since last four years.
High fever is sometimes associated with seizures in young children.
The Seizure of the disease was being avoided as the doctors had given precautionary medicines.
The proposed bill has been referred to the select committee.
Selected basic goods industries are accorded a special status in the economy of the country.
During the course of evolution, all species are subject to natural selection.
The selection process is very important as it will help us get the best possible specimen.
Selection of nature is an evolutional theory.
The selection structure is sometimes referred to as an if - then - else because it directs the program to perform in this way: If Condition A is True then perform Action X else perform Action Y.
There are two type of sorting algorithms, insertion sort and selection sort, in C + + programming language.
The surgical procedure was carried out in a selective group of patients.
For foreign training candidates will be decided on selective basis.
The selective credit control measures include margin stipulations, rate of interest, repayment, period etc. for selected commodities.
Selective pesticide do not target beneficial species.
The assignment requires you to implement the Selective Repeat protocol.
Selectivity describes how different values of a field are.
Tray Selector is a sophisticated piece of print control software which solves Word printing problems with a single mouse click.
We ned to give first priority to self care.
The girl was caught doing Self - abuse in public places.
Different set of rules are applicable for inheritance of self acquired properties.
Self - adjusting economic system precisely help the change.
If the accounts groups are combined there is a single general ledger with self balancing ledger.
Self - certification of Xerox copies of documents is accepted in some banks.
A self - contained online dictionary defines every word contained within it.
Bank has formulated special schemes for financing self employed persons.
Loan for self - employment is part of priority sector lending.
The possibility of Self - fertilization was found out to be very rare.
Self - finance of new activity may be possible if surplus generation of profits is retained in the business.
Self help group is a concept gaining popularity throughout the world.
Financing for milch animals is considered to be a self - liquidating advance.
Self - logging system has been introduced in selected branches.
Umesh withdraw money from his account by a self pay cheque.
Self - pollination is often in some legumes such as peanuts.
Self preservation is a natural instinct of every living organism.
Indian Banks Association is a self regulatory organisation formed by banks in India.
Indian Banks Association is a self regulatory organisation formed by banks in India.
Self sterility is found in many hermaphrodite organisms.
The diagonosis was in process to control the Sellar inflammations.
The size of the Sella Turcica was seen to differ from individual to individual.
Sell back option is available under certain agreements of sale.
Sell by auction method is generally adopted in seasonal products like tea etc.
Sell by auction method is generally adopted in seasonal products like tea etc.
In a sellers' market seller can make or dictate his own terms for selling the goods.
In regulated wholesale market practice of sell in bulk of the goods / products is adopted.
In regulated wholesale market practice of sell in bulk of the goods / products is adopted.
Retailer consumers can buy their goods at the selling point outside the factory.
Goods in company shops are sold at a fixed selling price.
Some negotiations are possible on selling rates.
It was a prudent decision to sell off the old goods not popular in the market.
After sell - out none is left to be disposed of.
NLP problems such as Information Extraction, Question Answering Systems and Text Classification Systems should benefit from Semantic Extraction.
Semantic memory allows humans to communicate with language.
"Semantic Networks" were first invented for computers by Richard H. Richens in 1956 as an "interlingua" for machine translation of natural languages.
Semantics for computer applications falls into three categories: Operational semantics, Denotational semantics, Axiomatic semantics.
In programming, Semaphore are a technique for coordinating or synchronizing activities in which multiple processes compete for the same operating system resources.
A semaphore is a protected variable or abstract data type which constitutes the classic method for restricting access to shared resources such as shared memory in a multiprogramming environment.
The person who has a wide knowledge of Semeiology does not mean that he is a doctor.
Semen is alkaline in nature.
The semen was found out to be composed of millions of sperms.
The semen was found out to be very sticky substance.
The ayurvedic preperation is known to be a good medicine in curing Semenuria.
Semicircular canals in the ear help to maintain balance of the body.
The Semicircular Canal 's of the human was being compared with the other fossils.
Upon admission, the patient was in semicoma.
Semicoma condition was seen in the person who had a lot of liquor atago.
He remained in the Semicomatose state for a long time even though he was under treatment.
Semiconductors exhibit conduction properties that may be temperature - dependent, permitting their use as thermistors (temperature - dependent resistors), or voltage - dependent, as in varistors.
Semiconscious state was seen in the individual after he tried to commit suicide.
Nematodes has circular semifenestra.
Semi - finished goods may form raw material for the refining process.
Semi - jobber work has now been taken over by market makers in the share market.
A semilunar incision was made in the lower abdomen.
The shape of the valve covering it is semilunar.
The muscles of the Semilunar Ganglion were closely studied by the scientist.
Semilunar valves are present at the base of aorta and pulmonary artery.
In the patient the other Semilunar Valve was normal.
Semi - luxury goods may be comparatively cheaper.
Semi - manufactured product is supplied by the small units for final manufacturing to big industries.
Semi - manufactured product is supplied by the small units for final manufacturing to big industries.
The major portion of seminal fluid is produced by seminal vesicles.
The analysis of the seminal fluid was carried out by the scientists.
Seminal fluid is rich in fructose.
The Seminal Fluid is transparent and can sometimes lead to pregnancy.
Seminal receptacle functions as a reservoir in receiving spermatozoa from the male.
Seminal vesicle extends from posterior prostate to posterior surface of bladder.
Semination is very important for the purpose of conception.
Semi - negotiable instruments like bill of lading are transferable by endorsement but not negotiable instrument in true sense.
This part found in males is seminiferous in nature.
Seminiferous Tubule were observed in the testes of the male anatomy.
Seminoma was being detected in the patient after he went through an examination process.
Semiochemical that cause interaction between same species are called pheromone.
Semiochemical that cause interaction between same species are called pheromone.
A device for establishing a semi - permanent connection of optical fibres comprises an elastic clamp associated with two retaining clamps which are mounted by attachment means such as clips on a support.
Cell membrane is a type of semipermeable membrane.
The layer of tissue acts as a Semipermeable membrane.
The Semis of the different specimens were observed using a microscope.
Digestive wastes reach large intestine in the form of a semisolid material.
The culprits used Senecio to poison the school children who had gone out to play.
Senescence is associated with many health problems.
Fragility is usually associated with senescence of red blood cells.
The human cellular Senescence was being studied by the scientists in detail.
An act of Senescence is seen to occur in all humans and other animals.
Senescence occurs after maturation.
The sickness is quite common and is Senescent in this age group.
The Senile condition has made the peron forget almost everything about his past.
Senile Arteriosclerosis was observed to be present in the legs of the individual.
An old lady was suffering from senile cataract.
Senile Cataract is common in males as well as females as they tends to get older.
Senile Deafness in most of the aged people has made the society to import a lot of hearing aids.
Senile Gangrene is seen to occur more in in aged individuals.
The person after being exposed to UV light showed signs of Senile Keratosis.
Senilism condition is very rare and not easily detected.
Signs of Senility can be observed in that aged individual.
Senility has made the brain to undergo a lot of changes in the individual.
Senior homonym is the first name of a taxa to be published that is identical to the name of different taxa.
Senior synonym is the first published name of two or more names for the same taxa.
Senna is found out to be the main component in this ayurvedic preparation.
She was complaining of burning sensation in her hands.
Sensation burning sensation was felt when he used the medicine on the affected tissue area.
Hearing is the sense of sound perception.
The patient has abnormally increased sense of smell.
Burning sensation was felt when he used the medicine on the affected tissue area.
These are the best Senses which are present in all humans.
Sensex is a narrow barometer of market movements in shares as it comprises of only some 30 stocks.
Sensibility analysis of different living creatures was carried out by the scientists.
The human is said to be more Sensible than other living creatures.
Sensilla protude from the cuticle of insects.
Sensilla ampullacea are small sensory hair.
The fine structure of sensilla basiconica of mosquitoes.
The function of sensilla coeloconica is olfactory.
Sensilla trichoidea are sensitive to pheromone.
The sensitisation programme for newly recruited officers has been organised by the HR division.
He is proved to be more Sensitive than the others who were observed and studied.
Sensitive commodity will react to the market rumours immediately.
A small investors should keep away from a sensitive share market.
A small investors should keep away from a sensitive share market.
The leaves of sensitive plant closes during night.
She has a normal sensitivity towards touch.
Examination of the patient revealed decreased sensitivity to touch.
The sensitivity of eye to light changes from individual to individual.
The sensitivity of an organism depends on the sensory organ.
Sensitization was seen to occur when this type of oil was applied on his skin.
Sensitization process was carried out on the individuals to find out the outcome.
The individual was sensitized by administering a drug into the tissue.
In both cases first point of veiw was sensorial.
Sensorimotor stage is known to be the first stage of development.
The Sensorium was observed in the old lady due to which she had to be admitted in the hospital.
Optic nerve carries sensory impules of vision to brain.
The skin of humans is sensory in nature and can identify external stimuli.
Sensory Aphasia has made the individual poor in word content but is fluent in speaking.
The Sensory Area is marked in grey in the diagram that has to be studied.
Sensory Image formation is a normal process that occurs in humans during day to day activities.
The Sensory Nerve was examined and found out that it is damaged.
Sensory neuron are activated by external stimuli.
Eye is an sensory organ.
Sensory Paralysis was observed in the individuals due to brain damage.
Injury in any part of sensory pathway results in abnormal sensation.
It is proved that it is not possible to test something if it is Sentient.
The girls Sentiments were hurt after she was insulted by the boy.
A sentinel was kept at the door.
Sepal are usually greenish.
Separation of plasma from whole blood sample was done.
The Separation of the solid particles was necessary so that they could be mounted under a microscope.
The Separator was necessary to separate the residual from the sample collected.
The patient was suspected to have deep sepsis in hip region.
He showed signs and symptoms of sepsis and hence medication was necessary.
Septal defect in the heart of many teens was observed.
Nasal septal deviation may result in difficulty in breathing.
The medication given by the doctor is known to be effective in septic conditions.
Septic complications were observed in the individual after carying out examination.
This is known to be the most serious septic infection known to occur in humans.
The Septic Abortion was not treated in time due to which the woman died.
All the information regards to the Septicaemia treatment was explained by the doctor to the patient.
Septicemia is severe infections that is caused by the presence of bacteria in the blood.
Septicemic conditions were observed in the individual after he was bite by a poisonous insect.
During septic fever the body temperature changed from very high to very low and then to normal in the individual.
She developed septic gangrene of her right foot.
Septicidal dehiscence occurs at the septa.
Septic tank is a small scale sewage treatment system.
Anaerobic bateria in the septic tank cause decomposition of sewage.
Septipara women admitted in the hospital during her eighth month of pregnancy.
The damage is being observed in the Septipara region.
The structure of Septomarginal Tract was observed under the microscope.
Septonasal surgery was being carried out on the patient.
Septoplasty is being opted by a lot of teenagers and models.
Study says that this is the best procedure for carrying out Septostomy.
Septotomy was carried out by the individual as he was feeling an obstruction.
After examintiton it was found that the Septulum was absent.
A septum of fascia is present in the two muscles.
The persons Septum was pierced through the cartilage.
Nasal septum devides the nasal cavity.
The length of the Septum Lucidum was being measured by the medical student.
Septum Nasi is observed to me covered by a mucosa layer.
Septum Pectiniforme of the nose is covered with the sticky substance.
Septum Rectovaginale wasclearly visible in the sample that was experimented on.
The Septum Scroti was being supplied blood by this artery.
Sequela in the patient is just temporary and needs proper medication.
The sequence 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,... is formed by adding any two consecutive terms to obtain the next term.
A media player applications can play MIDI sound files, but creating and modifying MIDI files requires a sequencer.
Indexed Sequential Access Method (ISAM) is a method for indexing data for fast retrieval, it was originally developed by IBM for mainframe computers.
If you want to get to the last line in a sequential file of 23000 lines, you will have to read the preceding 22999 lines.
Finite State Machine is a special case of a sequential machine, which is just a computational machine with memory.
We develop a mathematical theory of sequential operation of communication channels.
In sequential processing, the sub - queries are sent one after another.
In sequential sampling undetermined number of samples are tested.
The scientists are curretly studying the treatment that has to be carried out in a Sequestral condition.
Due to Sequestration blood transfusion was necessary.
Sequestration of the patient was necessary to prevent the spread of infection.
Sequestration of funds can be done after following a procedure.
Sequestrectomy was being advised by the doctor the the patients relative.
Removal of a sequestrum of bone was performed during the procedure.
The tissue that was surrounding the Sequestrum was also treated.
Seralbumin was used in the individual who undergoing shock treatment.
A serial cable is a type of computer cable.
Serializability graph is a way of representing the order constraints among a collection of statements.
The Java Serialization API provides a standard mechanism for developers to handle object serialization.
On PCs, Serial line internet protocol (SLIP) has been largely replaced by the Point - to - Point Protocol (PPP).
On personal computers, SLIP has been largely replaced by the Point - to - Point Protocol (PPP), which has more features.
Sericulture is the technique to produce silk.
Series of amino acids can be seen in a protein molecule.
The series of unfortunate events occurred in the persons life.
The consumption of such substance will cause serious consicuences.
Adequate compensation for serious industrial injury / loss has to be claimed.
Serocolitis was being observed in the individual and was unsergoing treatment.
This medicine is known to be highly effective in treating Seroenteritis.
Serological tests were performed while carrying out the diagonosis of the illness.
Serologist carried out test to find the alcohol concentration in blood.
Serology usually involves diagnostic identification of antibodies in serum.
His dad is a head of the serology department.
Serology is the study of blood serum.
Seromembranous membrane was seen in the inner surface of the intestine.
The quantity of Seromucoid was found out using this process.
After checking out the gland it was found out to be Seromucous in nature.
The Seropurulent discharge was found out to be green in color.
The Seropus fluid was found in the abdomen of the individual.
Serosa of the uterus was visible when it was disected.
Study was carried out to find out the cause of Serositis.
Serosity was observed in the fluid that oozed out from the opening.
The treatment of Serosynovitis was explained to the student by the doctor.
Serotherapy is studied to be efficinet when administered in the early stages.
The Serous fluid oozed out from the opening o fthe body.
The Serous fluid was found out to be yellowish in color.
The srtucture of the Serous Gland 's was seen to differ between species.
Serous Inflammation was seen to occur mostly in the pleura membrane.
Two layers of Serous Membrane were identified in the cavity.
The diagonosis of Serous Meningitis that was undertaken by the doctor was wrong.
Roots of Rauwolfia serpentina are used in the treatment of mild hypertension.
Serpiginous can be controlled by keeping the skin surface clean and dry.
Application of this ointment would prevent the spread of Serpigo.
Serpigo infection was found out to be caused by fungal action.
Serrate leaf has toothed margin.
Most beetles have serrate antenna.
The Serration effect can be seen in the membrane covering the outside of the organ.
A serrulate tissue covers the outer surface of the bone.
Blood serum is used in typing of blood.
The Serum component in the blood was found out by carrying out this process.
A Web server is a computer that uses the HTTP protocol to send Web pages to a client 's computer when the client requests them.
We had a really bad server crash that made orkut service unavailable for almost 48 hours. Were extremely sorry about that.
Our server maintenance service provides you to keep your server up and running 24 X 7.
mysqld is the traditional MySQL server process.
Primary health service is provided by some health centers in India.
Database services provide for the storage and retrieval of data in a database.
Each layer uses the services of the layers below it, by communicating via a Service Access Point (SAP).
Service area approach has since been diluted in many respects.
On leaving the job by a government employee a service article has to be returned by him.
The Service Data Unit identifies the information transferred between peer layer entities which is not interpreted by the supporting lower layer entities.
Terms to service debt have been detailed in the sanction letter.
An acknowledgement for service of documents may be obtained from the concerned person.
Service paid articles are easy to buy with no bargain.
MTNL, AirTel, Tata Indicom are famous internet service provider in India.
Service sector 's contribution in the national economy is growing rapidly.
Service stamp can only be used by the government departments and not by an individual.
The servicing cost of the loan has been as per the schedule of sanction.
The servicing cost of the loan has been as per the schedule of sanction.
Some companies fail in servicing of debentures and get a bad name.
Servicing of debt has to be done as per schedule to avoid any penalty.
The bone that is bein gobserved is sesamoid.
A fracture was observed in the Sesamoid Bone.
Sesamoid Cartilages was observed by mounting it under a high resolution microscope.
In Sesamoiditis the pain gradually increased as it was not treated on time.
Leaves of Sesbania aegyptiaca are rich in proteins.
Sessile flowers grow directly from the stem.
Sessile leaves are not able to move from its place.
Your Login session is expired now.
The Session Layer provides the mechanism for opening, closing and managing a session between end - user application processes.
Setae in oligochaetes is made of chitin.
Setaceous feather have bristelike texture.
Setaceous antenna have a short flagellum.
Setal membrane makes the movement easy.
Setext is a free text messaging service.
The right of set off should be exercised by a bank after giving due notice to the customer.
For setting up a title a prescribed procedure has to be followed.
In case of winding up of the firm the administrator is asked to settle a list of creditors after examining their class.
Settled accounts are not to be reopened.
Bank has announced a scheme to settle debt which are overdue.
The settlement agreement has been signed in the presence of two witnesses.
The process of settlement in rural India has not been successful.
A settlement was arrived at by agreement between both the contenders.
RBI has come out with a vision paper / statement for guidance of settlement bank.
Settlement cycle is announced by the stock exchange authorities in advance.
The periodicity of settlement day in different stock exchanges is different.
The settlement of claim has been done in consultation with the claimant.
Set up this software on my computer.
Originally each ASCII character was represented by a seven - bit byte.
The classic seven - layer reference model is the OSI model, which is used for conceptualizing protocol stacks and peer entities.
Seven - segment displays are widely used in digital clocks, electronic meters, and other electronic devices for displaying numerical information.
The several liability clause is applicable in case of accounts which are maintained by two or more persons jointly.
The person went thtough severe pain after he meet with an accident.
Recovery of loans falling due during the year of severe drought has been deferred.
The severity code you assign to a message on the ADDMSGD command indicates how important the message is.
Disposal of sewage should be safe and hygienic.
Sewage treatment is essential to prevent any health hazard by sewage.
A sanitary sewer is usually placed underground.
Use of sonography to determine sex of fetus is banned in some countries.
There are two category of sex - male and female.
The woman got pregnant after she had sex.
The anotomy of the human beings depends on its sex.
Sex attractant are pheromones to attract another sex.
The sex cell is responsible for transmitting DNA to the next generation.
The sex cells in male are learnt to be motile, as compared to the female ovum.
The presence of sex chromosomes determines the sex of an organism.
Many genetic and environment factor affects sex determination.
The person who is sexdigital is nit having any prblem in holding the object.
Sex education should be a part of curriculum in high school.
Ovary is a sex gland present in female.
Estrogen and androgen are the main sex hormone.
Redgreen colour blindness is a sex linkage disease.
The conference on Sexology was attended by docotre and scholars from throughout the globe.
Most species have sex ratio 1: 1.
Sex reversal can be induced by hormone transplants.
Th fever in the individual is sextan and he needs to consult a doctor immediately.
The medication process of the patient Sextis Horis.
The delivery of Sextuplets is found out to be a very rare condition.
Sexual development of the child is normal.
Secondary sexual characters develop in puberty.
The male and the female are having sexual relations.
The sexual behaviour of an organism.
Kissing in public is a sexual activty which is prohibited by law.
Human being shows sexual dimorphism.
The child has to be given sex education by her parents as soon as the Sexual Generation phase begins.
The hormonal theraphy was necessary inorder to treat Sexual Infantilism in the teenager.
The woman experienced severe pain during the first time she had Sexual Intercourse.
Sexual intercourse was necessary for the process of reproduction.
Sexuality is the study of gender identity.
The sexual organs in the female are underdeveloped and this condition is very rare.
Sexual Perversion led to the person being arrested, and was given bail later.
A sexual promiscuity in the female sex workers.
In sexual reproduction two gametes unite to form zygote.
There is sexual transformation in the puberty.
An SGML is widely used in the publishing industry.
Shading alters the colors of faces in a 3D model based on the angle of the surface to the sun or other light sources.
Shadow economy may represent a black market economy also.
The shadow mask is usually an invar mask (64% iron & 36% nickel) which is a thin plate with small holes punched in it.
No concrete planning can be done based on the shadow money.
Shadow price is used in evaluation of some economic profitability.
Shaft bears the velum.
The Shaking was necessary before consuming the drug as prescribed by the doctor.
Shaking Palsy was known to be incurable but nowadays it is easily curable.
No concrete plans for future schemes can be finalised in view of shaky credit arrangements.
Shallow binding is a scheme which allows the value of a variable to be accessed in a bounded amount of computation.
During shallow market it is not the proper time to take investment decisions.
The fracture was observed in the shank of the right leg.
Claude Shannon 's mathematical theorems are a major basis of information theory as practiced by engineers.
In Shannon - Fano coding, the symbols are arranged in order from most probable to least probable, and then divided into two sets whose total probabilities are as close as possible to being equal.
The Shannon - Hartley law is named after Claude Shannon and Ralph Hartley.
Shannon 's diagram describes the most basic unit in transmission over distance.
Shannon 's Theorem gives an upper bound to the capacity of a link, in bits per second (bps), as a function of the available bandwidth and the signal - to - noise ratio of the link.
A barrel shaped chest is found in emphysema
A wireless digital communication device having a pulse shaping network for pulse shaping digital signals before modulation.
With the introductions of on line share transactions the importance of share broker is decreasing.
Articles of association of company show the amount of share capital that can be raised by the company.
Share cropper system in India is very old system.
You can copy my shared file on your system.
I am having problem to open shared access database from Windows Vista Networking & Sharing.
If the shared disk array fails or becomes corrupt, the primary and standby servers are both nonfunctional.
You can copy my shared file on your system.
In most modern operating systems, shared libraries can be of the same format as the "regular" executables.
A shared logic is a portion of code or circuits that share the same software routines.
A shared - logic system may be preferable to the installation of a local area network.
A shared memory is an extra piece of memory that is attached to some address spaces for their owners to use.
The internet is a shared resource. / The shared resource is called a shared disk, shared drive volume, shared folder, shared file, shared document, shared printer or shared scanner.
This external storage box comes with 1 TB of storage and provides you with an option to store all your data on a single shared storage.
When presentation files quickly accumulate on a shared system, use this script to automatically delete them at reboot.
Shared text segments allow two or more users to run the same program.
A share holder in a limited company has a limited liability.
The shareholding need not be in physical form now.
Share market is regulated by an independent regulatory authority.
The share portfolio of long - term investors generally have fundamentally strong shares.
The efforts made for share pushing are generally misleading.
A share transfer form is required to be completed when shares are transferred.
Share transfer deed is a stock transfer form.
File sharing can be implemented in a variety of storage and distribution models.
Sharpest reduction in the share prices during last quarter was a result of the global meltdown.
It would take a long time and strenuous efforts to bring back to health the shattered economy of the company.
The shear changed the quadrilateral into a parallelogram.
The sheath that cover an entire muscle is epimysium.
A sheath that is visible is highly protective in nature.
A sticky fluid was observed on the sheath of the organ.
The stipular sheath surrounds the stem.
Sheath nematode have long stylets.
Sheathoid nematode is mainly a parasite mango roots from India.
Banks grant loan for sheep rearing.
Sheet like muscle below the ribcage, needed for breathing
The peritoneum is a sheet of connective tissue, covering the lung
A water proof bed sheet is used in the hospital
You can determine the version of a data sheet by examining its literature number found on the bottom outside corner of any page.
Nearly all modern fax machines come with sheet feeders.
The Sheffer stroke is named after Henry M. Sheffer, who proved that all the usual operators of propositional logic (not, and, or, implies), could be expressed in terms of it.
Most of the food products have a short shelf life.
The doctor said that the Shelf Operation is a simple and safe procedure.
The default shell in Windows is Explorer, which provides the Start menu, taskbar and desktop.
A shell account can be used for many different purposes because many different programs can be run on the shell.
The Bourne shell script (cp *. txt / and cp *. mp3 /) copies all text files (*. txt) and MP3 files (*. mp3) in the working directory to the root directory.
Shell sort was invented in 1959 by Donald L. Shell, is fast, easy to understand and easy to implement.
The sheltered market may be a good place for the small investors.
The ribcage, which under normal conditions resembles a hard protective shield of lung.
A shield is used as a protective cover.
The shield is used to prevent the adverse effect of X - rays.
The use of shielded cables in security systems protects them from power frequency and radio frequency interference, reducing the number of false alarms being generated.
Shielded Twisted Pair (STP) is used in noisy environments where the shield around each of the wire pairs, plus an overall shield, protects against excessive electromagnetic interference.
The junior doctor took charge of the night shift in the clinic.
The patient was shifted to the private ward as per the doctors orders.
The "shift" is in between "Caps Lock" and "Ctrl" on your keyboard.
Banks accept shiftable security for providing loans.
The logical shift - in character must be a single character.
The logical shift - in character must be a single character.
Shifting cultivation is generally done in hilly areas.
Decision of shifting of tax will not affect overall tax collections.
The jump - shift instruction is not found in programming practice.
The logical shift - out character must be a single character.
The logical shift - out character must be a single character.
In programming language compilers, Shift reduce parsing works by identifying terminal symbols first, and combines them successively to produce nonterminals.
There are also bi - directional shift registers which allow you to vary the direction of the shift register.
The bone marrow with its immature myeloid cells is on the left, is a shift to left.
The "shift" is in between "Caps Lock" and "Ctrl" on your keyboard.
The shin infection did not get alright and hence she was forced to undergo another surgery.
The shin bone was badly damaged after he meet with an accident.
The shin bone was given support using mettalic plates.
The vaccine that was developed for the Shingles infection is proved to be very much safe.
A lot of the individuals who were working on the ship complianed of ship - fever.
Ships money was resorted to in olden times.
Particulars required to be indicated in a shipping bill include exporters name, address, country of destination, details of goods, vessel etc.
All parties to the shipping conference will abide by the decisions taken in the meeting.
The shipping day is decided and intimated to all concerned in advance.
Shipping documents are checked / verified at port by the concerned authorities.
Shipping freight is paid in advance.
Shipping loans are granted on easy terms to promote sea trade.
Shipping value may be required to be indicated for insurance / documentation etc. purposes.
It should be ensured that ship 's documents are complete in all respects before it is allowed to sail on waters.
It should be ensured that ship 's documents are complete in all respects before it is allowed to sail on waters.
The name of ship 's husband should be registered with the port authorities.
Ship 's manifest is required to be submitted to custom officials for scrutiny.
Shirodkar 's operation was necessary as the woman failed to retain her previous pregnancies.
The cold water bath made the child shiver.
The shivering is observed on the individyual as a areslut of high fever.
A shock results in inadequate blood flow and oxygenation of an animal 's vital organs.
The individual was in a sever state of shok after he learnt about the accident.
A sock electric may cause the death.
The person is unconcious due to the continous shock treatment given to him.
The person has gone into a long comma after he was subjected to shock treatment.
The flowers of shoe flower are bell shaped.
Shoots include stem, leaves, fruit, bud etc.
The shooting pains a lot and hence oral medication ws suggested by the doctor.
The direct multiple shooting method is a numerical method for the solution of boundary value problems.
short stature of person is genetic or endocrinal harmone abnormality
Coverage of shortage and breakage under insurance policy are on certain conditions.
A suitable diary note of all short bills be taken for reference.
A short block is considered destroyed when it either warps or cracks.
Short covering is a usual practice in the share market.
Short covering is a usual practice in the share market.
Crop loans to farmers is a kind of short credit.
Short dated paper security is to meet the urgent / short term needs.
Short dates are due for early payment or redemption.
You can use the Short Dialing Facility to eliminate the cumbersome process of dialing frequently used numbers.
The short - end securities may offer better returns.
Short end of the market is a regular type of market for govt. securities.
Shortest job first (SJF) scheduling algorithm cannot handle infinite loops.
The shortest path algorithm is often used in routing.
Short exchange bill is drawn for quicker realisation of proceeds.
Shortfall in the recovery during the year has been due to crop failure in some areas.
Follow these short instructions to installing the software.
Purchases may be made from the short listed securities on every fall in price.
Sub - committee has been entrusted the job of short listing candidates for security advisor.
Short loan fund to be utilised for granting small loans to small vendors only.
Short money is generally borrowed or lent for overnight or not more than two weeks.
Selected candidates have been asked to report for duty at short notice.
Short notice loan is obtained only under unavoidable circumstances.
Short notice money is obtained only under extreme pressing circumstances.
Short period market consists of banks, discount houses, local authorities etc.
In short position sale of shares exceeds the purchases of shares.
Through short rate transactions funds may be invested / mobilised in time of need.
Short recovery in shares was due to some rumours floated by the vested interest.
Short - run equilibrium has helped reviving the consumer market.
The short sale is undertaken in anticipation of decline in the prices of the share.
Short shipment may cost more freight.
The surgery was carrried out by the docotro as the person was suffering from short - sight.
Shortsightedness in the individual was associated with other eye problems.
A short sightedness is an abnormal condition of eye.
Short stock may carry high rate of return.
Short supply of the sugar in the open market has caused price rise.
The short term consideration of profit may not be the basis for long term investment.
Short term credit is generally granted for undertaking agricultural operations.
Short term finance is used for meeting short - term operations.
Short term fluctuations in prices may be seasonal factors.
Short term interest rate on agricultural crop loans are comparatively low.
The effect of short term pesticide on Bt cotton.
Individual efforts will be required to arrange for short - term placements.
Short term planning is executed weeks, days before the requested delivery date.
The short - term scheduler makes scheduling decisions much more frequently than the long - term or mid - term schedulers.
Working memory includes two components: short - term storage and executive processes that operate on the contents of storage.
The short wave business cycle may be due to economic circumstances or may be seasonal factor.
Short weight claim has more chances of rejection.
The child was short - winded after he was saved from getting drowned in the swimming pool.
Pick a particular short word from an array of words.
He was givena shot of tetanus after he was wounded by the mettalic board.
There is a right and left shoulder on the body
The shoulders of the child were damaged after he fell from the top.
We have heard that the Shoulder - blade have broken at two places.
The development of the Shoulder Girdle in the embryo stage was observed.
The doctor completely removed the Shoulder - girdle of the patient.
Shoulder joint has disease like frozen shoulder.
The shoulder joint was observed to be dislocated from its actual position after the accident.
A Show of blood in beginning menstruation.
The menstrual show was first seen in the child by her mother.
The Shrapnell 's membrane of the persons ear was seen to be badly raptured.
Shredding of notes not fit for circulation is done at RBI office.
A shrill cry was heard from the doctors clinic.
A shroff can also be seen exchanging soiled notes / damaged coins also.
Those who are pursuing shroffage take their cut in exchanging the coins for value.
Many people are pursuing shroffing as a profession.
Shrub have dense foliage.
Shuffling relative investment may give better returns.
A right - to - left shunt is congenital cardiac anomaly
The shunt device was used in the blood channel during the bypass procedure.
Shutdown means close the systen in a controlled way.
Shut down of factory will bring hardship to the workers.
Shut down cost when added to factory overhead, one can find factory cost.
The share transfer work will remain shut for dividend for a period of 15 days.
The shut out shipment will be examined before allowing entry.
Shut period for the plant has been declared for annual maintenance.
Sialaden was observed to be swollen in appearance.
A disease of salivary gland due to infection.
The doctor advised the patient to drink as much water as possible inorder to treat Sialadenitis.
Sialadenoncus was found out in 28 out of 300 that were surveyed.
The medicine that is being tested is found out to be Sialagogic in nature.
A herb with sialagogue action stimulates the secretion of saliva from salivary gland.
The herb is being used by the pharma compnay in manufacturing Sialagogue drug.
Sialectasis was diagonised using the ultrasound technique.
The sialic acid changed its color to purple after the treatment.
Study of the sialine mixture was carried out after the surgery of the oral cavity.
It was observed that Sialitis was not affected by the surgery.
Sialoadenectomy was carried out after the person was administered by anaesthesia.
A magnification device was learn to be of very much importance while carrying out Sialoadenotomy.
Sialoangiectasis of all the four glands was carried out by the doctor.
Sialoangiitis was observed to be clinically apparent.
He is having a lot of problem while talking because of the Sialocele condition.
Sialodochoplasty was carried only after the person was administered with local anaesthesia.
The drug is sialogenous in nature as it increases the rate at which saliva is produced.
Sialogram was being performed in each and every patient that was examined.
A medium was seen to be injected before carrying out the sialography process.
The fluid which is being tested is sialoid in nature.
The Sialolith condition was confirmed in the individual after the doctor carried out the required tests.
The Sialolithotomy process was necessary as the lump was getting bigger in size.
The doctor is carrying out analysis of Sialorrhea condition.
The swelling of the salivary gland is due to Sialostenosis.
The medicine is seen to be quite effective in Sialothiasis conditions.
A brother and sister has a sib relation
The nurse in the hospital is Sibilant as she is using S a lot.
He has got four siblings and all are very beautifull.
Sibling species are closely resemble one another but are reproductively isolated.
The pain due to Sicca was eased only after the doctor carried out the treatment.
The substance that is discovered is highly Siccant in nature.
A sick person can 't do the heavy work
The person has applied for a sick leave.
He was taken to the mental hospital as he was mentally sick.
The earlier people belived that Sick Headache was due to indigestion.
Sickle cell is a genetic disease.
In sickle cell disease red blood cells becomes sickle shape.
My poor little sickly child.
Motion sickness have nausea and malaise due to unaccustomed motion, such as in travel.
serum sickness is a hypersensitivity reaction after administration of foreign serum.
Sleeping sickness was observed in the individual.
Government has initiated number of steps to rehabilitate sick units through various measures.
Special rigs are required for further deepening the sick wells.
The Side - chain of the molecules were observed.
Side dressing is done to stimulate the plant growth.
Side - effects often make a program 's behavior more difficult to understand.
The drug is being seen to cause a lot os side - effects if taken by children.
Side effect of a medicine
The power density in the side lobes is generally much less than that in the main beam.
The case of Siderofibrosis was very much severe as compared to the earlier cases encountered.
Siderosis was confirmed in the individual after the doctor carreid out the diagonosis.
The lungs were Siderotic in the individual who was working in the iron factory.
Sieve plate is found in vascular plants.
Sieve tube serve to conduct nutrient.
He was seen to sigh due to which he was taken to the docotr.
Normal sight in the person is due to the healthy eye
The individaul has got a very good sight due to which he got selected.
There is no grace period in the sight bill once it is prevented for payment.
A sight draft may be accompanied by documents.
Possession of a bill by illegal means does not make a person a lawful sight holder.
If you are unfamiliar with the Six Sigma language it takes awhile to sift through the information.
This is "Human and System - Directed Fusion of Multimedia and Multimodal Information" using the Sigma - Tree data model.
A sigmoid colon is a part of large instine.
The part of the organ is sigmoid in nature.
Sigmoid colon is closest to rectum and anus.
The sigmoid cavities were detected after it was viewed using a special device.
The branches were seen to supply blood to the Sigmoid Colon in the intestine.
Sigmoid curve has growth phase, maturing phase and a declining phase.
The Sigmoidectomy surgery was proved to be safe and very much feasible.
The two parts of the Sigmoid Flexure were identified.
The narrow part of the colon was seen to be the Sigmoid Flexure.
The Sigmoiditis process was seen to be very difficult and complicated.
The part of the Sigmoid Notch was observed to be slightly curved.
Sigmoidopexy technique was found out to be straightforward and quick to be performed.
The docotr advised Sigmoidoproctostomy usning some special instruments.
It was only after the docotr examined him using a Sigmoidoscope that he detected inflammation.
Sigmoidoscopy was cunducted by the docotr in his clinic.
Sigmoidostomy was performed on the individual which made the bladder cover by flaps.
A pallor is a sign of anemia.
He showed a sign due to which he had to be taken to the doctor.
In EBCDIC, the minus sign can be stored as a separate byte (hex 60).
I am not getting any network signal in this area.
We supply a complete range of Signal conditioning products for use in a variety of applications.
If you use signal conversion equipment, try not to convert a particular signal more than once.
The SPRINGBOARD Control Signal Converter can convert one control signal range to another.
What would a good estimate be for wireless signal distance in a college dorm?
A signal distributor is necessary to send these signals to the six substations.
An analog signal carries 4 bits per signal element.
Signaling systems can be classified according to their principal properties.
The Signaling rate is usually expressed in bits per second.
Increase the signal level until you see saturation on the screen.
How does the stand - alone signal operation work?
Signal Processing incorporates all aspects of the theory and practice of signal processing (analogue and digital).
High - pass filter is a basic example of a signal processor, which removes low frequencies from a signal.
Optical signal regeneration is required for implementing transparent optical telecommunication networks.
For very low - power systems, such as mobile phones, signal strength is usually expressed in dB - microvolts per metre (dBV / m).
If you wanted to see how much power would be needed to achieve a 100 dB signal to noise ratio, you could find it here.
A signature of a doctor on prescription pad.
Your ATM PIN serves as your electronic signature and provides access to your personal records.
Analog Signature Analysis relies on a change in electrical characteristics to detect problems on a circuit board.
When the signatures of the account holder on a cheque do not tally with the specimen with bank, cheque is returned unpaid citing signature differ.
Signature tagging is a routine practice in the opening of accounts with bank.
Typically, if the sign bit is 1, the number is negative or non - positive, and 0 indicates a positive number.
The operand in a sign condition can be a date field, but is treated as a nondate for the sign condition test.
How should I treat signed decimal values in SQL server?
How to convert a numeric field to a zoned signed field for use on a mainframe database?
Retrieve the integer that is stored as 01001101 in signed magnitude representation.
His signetur by the individual is mostly verbal and seldom written.
The sign flag is used in signed numbers to indicate a sign change in the value contained in the register.
The significant digit arithmetic can be used for single numbers and interval arithmetic can be used for interval pairs.
In the number 00005208, the 5 - 2 - 0 - 8 are the significant digits.
In the number 00005208, the 5 - 2 - 0 - 8 are the significant digits.
A significant interval cannot be embedded in another significant interval.
In sign magnitude, the uppermost or most significant bit (msb) is referred to as the sign bit.
This session parameter determines whether or not a sign position is to be allocated for a numeric field.
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place" - a Sig quote of the Day.
By using GlobalSpecs SpecSearch product, you can search the sig virus related catalogs by specification to find the exact parts you are looking for.
Silent feature of a disease.
A silent account is transferred to a separate register.
This was marked as the Silent Area of the brain.
A silent infection of abacteria.
The observed Silicate was said to be an oxide.
1) Pure silicon is not electrically conductive. 2) In chip making, Silicon is mined from white quartz rocks and put through a chemical process at high temperatures to purify it.
Kilby is recognized as the father of the silicon chip  the first integrated circuit was designed and fabricated by him in 1958.
Devices which use titanium polycide to replace polysilicon in a silicon - gate process have been processed and evaluated.
Silicosis is being observed in the individual working in the glass factory.
Silicula fruit is a short and broad silique.
Siliqua fruits belongs to Brassicaceae family.
The fluid secreted from silk gland converted into silk on exposure to air.
Silk toxicity may be caused by infectious microorganisms.
Silver is being used by the dentist to use it to cover the tooth.
Silvery scales in silver fish develops after third molting.
Silver nitrate being appled to the wound by the first aid specialist.
Silvicide is used to destroy forest.
Welcome to the similar tag page at Technorati.
Similar trees are used inside compilers to parse, optimize, and translate programs.
Similia Similibus Curantur is a latin term and its meaning is being explained by the professor.
The remedy was found out to be close to Similimum.
A simple protein that yields amino acids as the only or chief product of hydrolysis
The operation process was a simple one.
For simple arbitrage one has to be familiar with different markets and have efficient network of communication.
For simple arbitrage one has to be familiar with different markets and have efficient network of communication.
The doctor is treating the patient from Simple Astigmatism defect.
I need a simple buffering method to cache PHP script - files to reduce the number of DB queries.
The wound was covered by a Simple cerate and a bandage.
How to create a simple condition rule in xaml?
Simple debenture is also known as naked debenture.
The simple fission process is being explained with the ehlp of a diagram.
Simple fracture was being treated by covering the hand with plaster.
A simple fruit may be fleshy or dry.
The gland of the body is being identified as a simple duct.
Simple goitre was seen to be found in people staying is mountaneous areas.
A simple injury can occur due to fall, accident, stone, or any instrument.
The first era of Simple instruction multiple data (SIMD) machines was characterized by supercomputers like the Cray X - MP.
In co - operative societies simple interest is only levied on the loans disbursed.
The simple joint is being seen to be displaced after the accident.
A simple leaf is unibladed.
Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is a way to transfer email reliably and efficiently.
Under simple mortgage, mortgager will execute a simple deed only.
Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is a part of the Internet Protocol Suite.
A simple obligation is a given function which one has agreed to perform or refrain from performing.
A Simple parity check can detect all single - bit errors.
Simple pit is present in certain parenchyma cells.
The simples are being collected as specimen for the purpose of carrying out a study.
In a simplex circuit all signals can flow in only one direction.
A radio station is a simplex channel because it always transmits the signal to its listeners and never allows them to transmit back.
You must use connectionless protocols with simplex circuits as no acknowledgement or return traffic is possible over a simplex circuit.
The developed Simplex code has been tested on several examples.
A famous example of a simplex communication is Television broadcast.
Watery blisters on mouth, lips, genitalia is a sign of simplex herpes.
Computational Techniques of the Simplex Method provides a comprehensive coverage of the most important and successful algorithmic and implementation techniques of the simplex method.
Simplex mode reduces the number of interconnection cable wires and also reduces the number of gates, weight and size of the block.
The K8SN Simplex Node is connected to the internet via my Cable Modem.
The legacy system serves as a safety backup to the Simplex System.
An example of a simplex transmission is a print job where data is only sent from the computer to the printer.
Simplification of wants lead to a contented life.
The simplified procedure will help doing things effectively and speedily.
Simulated papers do not create and legal right or entitlement.
Our aim is to design and build several simulations in the EJS (Easy Java Simulation) environement.
A computer simulation is a computer program or network of computers, that attempts to simulate an abstract model of a particular system.
SIMSCRIPT is an example of Simulation language.
This exam simulator is designed to give an idea of the type and format of questions that is likely to be encountered in the Sun Certified Java Programmers Exam.
A processor provides simultaneous access to the same data for a plurality of requests.
Once you have successfully completed the application you will get a simultaneous computer generated reply.
The digital interface card provides eight TTL digital I / O channels to simultaneous Input / Output signals from / to external instruments.
However, it completely cancels the receive signals near the transmit frequency so that simultaneous operation is not possible.
I have a problem with simultaneous processing of data from multiple projects in CPAS.
It relates to a terminal for the simultaneous transmission of a video stream and high - speed data.
The plant of Sinapis is being commercially planted for its reich edible oil.
Sinapis Alba is being sowed by most of the farmes in this area.
Sinapism is a very old remedy and hardly seen to be used in recent time.
Sinapis Nigra was traced in most part of the europe by the experts.
The Sincipital part of the head was seen to be badly hurt after he meet with an accident.
The sinciput of the individual is seen to be covered with hair.
The sinew of the individual was damaged after he fell from the ceiling.
The performer is suffering from a Singer 's node condition.
Some parents has a single child
A single minded person.
A single - address instruction accesses only one memory location during execution.
A single address message can be transmitted to control a single power resource.
The Single assignment language was designed for teaching functional programming, with very simple syntax.
No single buffering characteristic is desirable for all types and modes of data transfer.
Single cost account is considered easy to operate and understand.
The single costing system can reduce the cost of calculations.
The single dose of the medicine was prescribed by the doctor.
The single entry system is not in common use.
A single holder of security can make a nomination.
Single line layout factories are now not common.
Single line store may be a part of chain stores of a big producer of one item.
Allowing fixing of single monopoly price is not considered a good policy.
Single point indicator helps to take quick decision.
This circuit is a single - shot multivibrator made with a 555 timer chip.
It is often necessary to define the output power of a single sideband transmission.
A single tender can have different segments but only one party has to execute it.
What is singleton class in Java programming?
You may be able to boot single - user mode directly.
Many banks have introduced single window system for Home Loans.
Single window scheme for sanction of industrial loan has received good response.
The singly - linked list is the most basic of all the linked data structures.
The individual is singular and needs to be treated by a docotr.
Singultus can be controled by consuming a lot of water.
The person complained of sinistrad pain after he meet with an accident.
The damage is towards the sinistral side.
Sinistrality is a very rare condition and is observed in this individual.
The individual is proved to be Sinistrocular.
The sportsman is Sinistromanual.
The footballer is sinistropedal.
The group of people is Sinistrous.
Sinking fund in a housing society is created at a fixed rate.
Sinking sort is a simple sorting algorithm.
The sinogram procedure had to be scarried out by an expert.
The sinuous movement of the worms inside the gallbladder and the bile ducts is pathognomonic of Ascaris.
The structure which is being observed Is sinuous.
A frontal sinus can causes sinusitis due to infection
The patient is showing signs of sinus and need to visit the doctor soon.
Analysis of bone marrow sinus cell.
The doctor Is treating a patient who is suffering from sinusitis.
The sinousoid was observed in the liver of the individual.
Sinusotomy was carrried out on all of the examined patients.
Two pill before goin to bed, Si Opus Sit.
Siphonaptera are external parasites that sucks blood.
Siphoning mouth part are present in butterflies.
The mouthparts of siphunculata are adapted for sucking.
The sister is being fired by the hospital management.
A sister concern generally remain under the management of the same organisation.
The tub is being mostly used for taking a sitch - bath.
Site for plant cultivation.
Many Indian sites are damaged by Chinese hackers.
If the software will be installed on more than 3 computers, a site license is required.
C - DAC 's site name is www. cdac. in.
Site value of the property is an important factor while deciding loan amount for real property.
The docotr is known to have specialised in the field of Sitology.
Sitophobia is seen in the child due to which he has grown very thick.
A ceiling for payment of sitting fees to directors has been fixed.
A sitting member on the parliamentary panel is entitled to get all benefits of a State Minister.
A psychological situation of a person.
A physiological stuation of a body.
The situation report has been forwarded to the Chief General Manager.
The situation value of the plot of land to be pledged is quite high.
Situs Inversus is a rare condition which is observed in this case.
Sitz Bath was being sdvised to the patient as he had undergone a surgery.
A six - bit byte may be used to specify a letter of the alphabet.
The size of a FAT32 file can not exceed 4 Gigabytes.
Size of holding in India is very small.
The policy size of Mr. Chaudhary 's insurance is Rs. 2 lakhs.
The skeletal muscles of the human anatomy was observed and studied.
Generate the skeletal code to implement a service from a WSDL file describing the service functionality.
The fibre of the Skeletal Muscle was compared with that of the heart muscle fibres.
The skeletal tissue which is attached is very strong and dense in structure.
Skeletal Traction was necessary in the leg bone after he meet with an accident.
A skeleton of the trunk and head.
A skeleton of a human body.
The skeleton of the dead person was dug out after a period of 3 years.
The Skene 's glands is more commonly known as the G - spot.
The gynocologist was consulted as she was suffering from Skenitis.
The sketch plan does not contain finer details but gives an idea about the proposed work to be done.
The sketch plan does not contain finer details but gives an idea about the proposed work to be done.
The skewed priority in executing a plan may not yield deserved results.
The Skiagram procedure helps the docotr to known about the internal body anatomy.
Skiascopy was advised by the docotr after the patient was complaining of vision problems.
The rate of migration of skilled labour is very high.
A skilled workman is always in demand.
A skin test is done for allergy
The skin is a sense organ, excret the sweat, regulates the body temprature.
The skin is studied to be highly sensitive to this type of powder.
skin disease occurs due to bacteria, virus, fungus, infection, and injury, etc.
Skin traction was necessary after she meet with a accident.
Skip a blood cell across a plasma
Click here if you wish to skip the introduction.
The skip day is not counted for maturity period.
If your C + + compiler cannot compile a particular test case, you can use a Skip flag to disable that case.
A skull of human.
Brain is situated in the skull.
The skull was partly damaged after the person fell from the top floor.
Skullcap protect the brain from injury
Skull cap is seperated from skull for brain surgery.
The size of the Skull - cap was observed to be very small which is an abnormal condition.
The new issue of shares may not get goods response in the market with sky - high premium.
Skull cap is like slab on the skull
Slab of income for taxation purposes has been revised in the current budget.
Slab system of taxation is popular in individual income tax payers.
During slack season prices show a downward trend.
The ASCII code for slash is 0101111.
Slaughter house of goat and cow.
How do you control a slave computer from a master computer?
Mr. Rangnathan is holding the selection post of vice - chairman of the company.
The person was in deep sleep as he tried to wake him up.
The sleep disease was observed to be more common in teenagers after conducting the survey.
A sleeping partner is fully liable for the debts of the firm.
The person was left unattended for a long and hence died of Sleeping Sickness.
Sleepness is a symtom of mental, physical disease
His eyes turned black on account of Sleeplessness.
In sleep movement leaves etc are folded.
Sleep walkng is a disorder of sleep involving complex motor acts.
Sleep walking lead to the death of the person after he fell from the terrace.
An object is placed on slide to be examined under the microscope.
The slide was not washed properly before the specimen was mounted.
The EMIs of the home loan are fixed at a sliding scale by some banks.
Sliding scale tariff is levied on export items.
Transmission Control Protocol and several data link layer protocols use Sliding window flow control method.
A Sliding Window Protocol provides an efficient solution to the problem how to transfer a sequence of (data) items via an unreliable communication channel.
Slime fungi were earlier considered as fungi but now they are classified under kingdom Protista.
The slimy appearance was observed on the surface of the tissue.
A sling is used for an injured upper extremities.
A sling was required to keep the arm in correct position.
A pudendal slit is present at anterior part of vagina.
Slit is a midline repellant molecule that prevents the crossing of longitudinal axons through the midline of the brain and spinal cord of a variety of animal species.
A slit was observed in the skin of the injured child.
A slit lamp can be focused to shine a thin sheet of light into the eye.
The Slit Lamp was found out to be a common apparatus.
The working of the Slit - lamp was explained to the doctor by the technician.
Modern conventional CPUs have several compute slots.
A slough of chronic wound.
Normally skin sloughs off. However, around the hair follicle where the papules form.
Slough was observed in the area on the skin which was affected by ulcer.
The Sloughing was observed in the skin surfcae of the diseased individual.
Slow assets move with the market conditions and not spurt suddenly.
A slow decline in the concentration of oxygen level.
A sludge of blood in the vessel causes absruction to blood flow.
Sluggish movement of body.
The healing process in the individuals wound is sluggish.
The sluggish trend in the share market is likely to continue for sometime more.
He is in a slunber state after taking that medicine.
The slumber behaviour was observed in the patient after he went through counceling.
The slump situation is likely to prolong.
A slurred speech is sign of some disese.
A slurry of wood pulp and water is used as a raw material to make paper.
Small and medium enterprises are defined by government based on certain parameters from time to time.
A small cap company may sometime give good return on investment.
Small coins can be obtained from the small coin depot.
Small intestine consists of duodenum, jejunum, and ileum.
The small intestine was observed to be in a coiled shape.
The small intestine is seen to be directly connected to the stomach.
100 years ago so many people died due to small pox.
Skin erruption, chills, high fever, backache, and headache are the signs and symtoms of small pox
Small pox characterized by skin eruption with pustules, sloughing and scar formation.
The person was allowed not to consume oily food as he was suffering from small pox.
Small pox vaccine was given to the child by the doctor.
Small pox vaccine was prescribed by the doctor to the parents of the new born child.
A scheme of saving small has been introduced for lower groups.
Small saving may be a small amount and may not be for long term investment.
Small savings drive has yielded positive results in the rural area.
Small savings scheme are monitored by the National Small Savings Organisation in the country.
A small scale enterprise need dedicated efforts by the entrepreneur for its success.
Small scale farming is generally done by the small farmers.
Small scale industries which satisfy the laid down criteria are eligible for certain concessions and benefits.
Cost of small scale production may be more as compared to large scale production.
Due to heavy and cheap imports small scale sector in electronic sector is suffering losses.
Small traffic is generally done by road transport.
Smalltalk was first run on Xerox 's Alto computer.
Sales of small ticket item may give more turnover.
There is a difference between a smart program and intelligent program.
SMART Agents work together, within a SMART system, to perform smaller pieces of larger programming tasks.
Smart cards provide a means of effecting business transactions in a flexible, secure, standard way with minimal human intervention.
Our Smart Modems manage your fax data in the most efficient possible way for the fastest possible transmission times.
The smart money received for loss of goods may not be taxable.
Possibility of smart money giving better returns is more.
Unlimited number of Smart terminals can be connected in a global system via modem or TCP / IP connection.
Unlimited number of Smart terminals can be connected in a global system via modem or TCP / IP connection.
Blood smear is made on glass slide for microscopic examination.
The blood smear was taken from the patient who was complaining of high fever.
There is a smegma preputii, smegma preputii
The smegma on the skin looks as if dirt has accumulated.
A foul smell of a stool found due to infection of bacteria, or protozoa etc.
He got a very bad smell due to which he fainted.
The nose is used by human being to take smell.
Smelling salt is being manufactured in large quantities by the chemical company.
Now, Gmail offers you over 50 animated and talking free smiley for your email.
The Smith Chart was invented by Phillip H. Smith.
A ciggarate smoking causes lung cancer.
The surface of the skin is very smooth.
SMTP defines the message format and the message transfer agent (MTA), which stores and forwards the mail.
The Smurf attack is a way of generating a lot of computer network traffic on a victim network.
Just write your query on this postcard and send it to Google office via Snail Mail.
Snake bite causes poisoning in the body.
Snake venom is snake poison.
The snake venom is very harmfull to any organisms and can kill it in seconds.
The cardiac snap was recorded by the instrument.
The snap audit report may be put up to the general manager directly.
With Drive Snapshot you can create an exact image of your hard disk for backup, restore, and disaster recovery, while running Windows.
Snare consists of a wire loop passed around the base of the tumor and gradually tightened.
The doctor knows how to operate the snare.
The heart of a mainframe - based SNA network is the SSCP (System Services Control Point) software that resides in the host.
I really would like to reuse a handful of CDRWs for a temporary sneakernet.
He started sneezing as soon as he came out of the kitchen.
In Sniffer Attack a sniffer makes available a full view of the data inside the packet if the packets are not encrypted.
A SNOBOL pattern can be very simple or extremely complex.
The snore of the individual was so loud that nobody could sleep properly that night.
Snowball effect of the imported goods has to be tackled effectively in time.
The snow blindness in the individual was associeated with the swelling of the eye.
A snuff of liquid or powder medicine.
some person snuff the narcotic drug by nose.
Snuffle is due to congenital syphilis
Snuffles were observed in the nose of the individual who was suffering from cold.
used as an emulsifier for cleansing purposes.
Soap and water enema is used to evacuate the stool from rectum.
The childs sob made her mother do whatever her child said.
A social awareness of health
Social and preventive medicine is branch of medical science.
Nationalisation of some private commercial banks was the first step of social banking in India.
A well educated population is an important social capital of the country.
The social credit will improve the standard of living of the common man.
Social history is important for social health.
Ants are social insect that show three characteristics group integration, division of labour, and overlap of generations.
Socialisation of banks was a bold step that paved way for nationalisation of banks.
Certain core industries in India are being run under public sector as socialised industries.
A social medicine for public health.
Social overheads are considered welfare expenditure.
Social security by health insurance.
Social service is a social work.
Social transfer of control over natural resources will be a step towards welfare of the society.
Socia - parodites was observed in the salivary gland of the human beings.
A good health of society depends upon clean water, environment and good food.
Health is depend upon socioeconomia. of the people.
For faster improvement of the conditions in backward regions socio - economic development schemes are to be formulated and implemented.
Health is sociological issue.
He is a good doctor and has done specialisation in the field of sociology.
Socionomics determines the social action between formal markets and other places.
Socket is present in the joint, or there is a eye socket
The bony socket was observed to be very strong and dense.
The socket of the eye is surounded by a bony structure.
Normally, a server runs on a specific computer and has a socket that is bound to a specific port number.
The socket of the tooth was badly damaged after he meet with an accident.
The Socket Secure protocol uses TCP / IP sockets for communication.
This compound of soda is mainly used in food products.
Sodium bicarbonate was verified to be the most important component of this drug.
The sodium borate is being purchased in bulk by the glass manufacturing factory.
The processed Sodium chloride is very much safe for consumption and food preperation.
Sodium citrate is being purchased in bulk by the organisation which delas into photography.
The main component of the dye was observed to be sodium sulphate.
The person beong a sodomist is hated by most of his neighbours.
Sodomy with same sex partner or apposite sex.
Sodomy is an unnatural way of having intercourse.
The soft xrays were used to examine the patients body.
Soft bast is the tissue in the phloem.
Is a soft boot more stressful on your machine than a hard drive?
If you want to start a new line but within a paragraph, then you need a Soft carriage return.
Soft chancre is sexually transmitted disease.
Soft Chancre was seen to spread from person to person through sexual acts.
Soft Computing became a formal Computer Science area of study in the early 1990 's.
I have already sent the soft copy of the report.
It is generally difficult to get hard currency in exchange of soft currency.
This is identified to be the best and effective Softening agent.
Softening of brain was observed in the individual after the doctor carried out certain tests.
Company has decided for softening of prices in view of mounting stock of the product.
Softening price of computers may provide an opportunity to buy one.
A soft error may be corrected by rewriting correct data in place of erroneous data.
HP LaserJet printers need a HP soft font.
Banks generally do not grant loans against trading of soft goods.
Banks generally do not grant loans against trading of soft goods.
Soft keys are generally found on cellular phones, ATMs etc.
Soft loan facility is available from banks to exporters of certain goods.
Some fundamentally good shares can be picked up in the soft market.
Soft molle forming an incomplete septum between the mouth and the oropharynx,.
Soft money (paper money) is acceptable in settlement of debts etc.
Partially separates the mouth and pharynx.
Infection was detected in the Soft Palate of the individual.
It is difficult to have a choice for soft snap these days.
Soft sore is sign of soft chancre.
The soft sore infection is seen to occur more in the african countries.
The soft ulcer was mostly seen in the individuals who visited the prostitutes frequently.
Software is a set of coded instructions to perform a desired sequence of operations.
Source and executable code of a programs is a software artifact.
Search the Software Description Database for the given substring, ignoring case.
Please select your product, operating system and the software driver you wish to download.
Software engineer is a person who writes computer programs or instructions for computers.
He is a Graduate student of Software engineering.
Software Engineering Environment (SEE) helps to manage data such as problem reports, change requests, working log and plans, testing cases, etc.
Microsoft, Oracle Corporation, HP, Adobe Systems, Apple Inc., Red Hat, etc. are well - known software houses.
You may print a copy of this Software License Agreement as part of the installation process at the time of acceptance.
One of the main functions of most software metering programs is to keep track of the software usage statistics in an organization.
Any software package released today may not yet have arrived at all mirror sites.
Software piracy is a major issue in India.
Software program is a set of coded instructions to perform a desired sequence of operations.
I have not yet been able to find any software project management web service that is open source software.
This web page translates the ISO 9000 - 3 software standard into plain English.
National headquarter of Software Technology Park is situated in New Delhi.
A soft water in which soap readily dissolves, forming a lather without being precipitated
Soft water for drinking, is good for health.
A soft window for providing education loans has been opened by the bank.
A soft window for providing education loans has been opened by the bank.
Soil is favorable to growth of plant
Soil supports plant growth.
Soil application method is used to make soil more productive.
Soil application method is used to make soil more productive.
Soil conservation by terracing is a popular mode in hilly regions for sawing the land from erosion.
Soil conservation by terracing is a popular mode in hilly regions for sawing the land from erosion.
Soil drench is a method to fertilized the soil.
Soiled notes are sorted and segregated in a department of RBI.
Soil fumigant is used to control disease that is caused by fungi, nematodes, and weeds.
Various tools are used in soil injection method.
Soil pollution is haemful to human as well animal health.
Soil solarization an environmentally - friendly method that does not use chemicals.
Soil sterilant are classified as pesticides.
There is hook worm infection by soil transmission
The red colored sol. was used by the doctor on the wound.
A sola bill has no possibility of dealing by more than one person.
A sola bill has no possibility of dealing by more than one person.
Sola ledger entries include * * * * * * * * * bank accounts, journal entries, reconciliation statements etc.
Solanum tuberosum have starchy, edible tuber.
A solar energy
The solar pannels were used on the roof for conbverting solar energy to electrical energy.
Solar energy is known to be a highly renewable source of energy.
The solarium was placed just on the edge of the river and it housed a lot of plants.
The boxer got a very hard blow on the solar plexus region.
Sold call is a calculated clever move which may yield profit.
Soldered note is examined in the note examination section of RBI.
Soldered note is examined in the note examination section of RBI.
Sold put will guarantee income and reduce risk.
This is the sole member of the identified plant species which is extinct nowadays.
The sole of the person has got a high degree of burns.
A nomination is always advisable in a sole account in bank.
The sole agent has the exclusive right of marketing the product.
As a result of sole bargaining handsome discount would be obtained.
With the concept of mall retailing gaining popularity the sole trader practice is waving.
The soleus is studied to be a most powerfull muscle of the human anatomy.
Solid is not fluid, neither liquid nor gaseous.
The tumor in the body of the patient is solid in nature.
The solid extract is being prepared by the doctor who is well known for his ayurvedic medicines.
The solidification of water took place at temperatures below 0degrees.
The solidification process was observed when the mixture was added with this chemical.
Excess drawls in case of sold overdraft will not be permitted.
For data storage, solid state devices are much faster and more reliable than mechanical drives.
Solitary lymph nodes are present in the intestine.
Solitary lesions were observed in the skin of the individual.
Solitary bees gather pollen from one type of species.
The structure of the solitary follicle was seen to be similar to the lymphatic nodes.
Solitary Glands of the intestine were seen to be swollen.
Asobara tabida is a solitary parasitoid that can only live in the host.
The behaviour of a solitude person was being observed.
Solium was used by the person who helps people get rid of alcohol.
Solubility of vitamine B in the water
The solubility of the powder is being tested.
The Solubilization process is occuring at a very low speed.
The powder is soluble in a glass of water.
Soluble powder is dissolved in water to form a spray solution.
The solution is being used by the doctor to clean wounds.
The solution is known to be a good medicine for curing wounds.
Syrup is a solution of wate and sugar.
Bank may required a solvency certificate before considering loan proposal.
In 'syrup' solvent is water.
The water is known to be a good solvent for sugar.
In a syrup water is a solvent.
Loan to a solvent debtor is considered to be realisable asset.
A soma of a human being.
Cervical spondylsis is disease of soma.
The soma of the person is getting decayed.
Somasthenia symptoms are being observed in the treated individual.
The duration of the symptoms of Somatagnosia was for few minutes.
Somatalgia can be controlled by using this tablets.
There are some psycho - somatic diseases.
Chest pain is somatic symtom.
The pain is somatic and is causing a lot of discomfort.
Somatic cell are diploid.
Somatic cells are diploid.
Somatic hybridization is a technique that is used to improve crop.
Somatic muscle contains three parts.
The fine structure of somatic musculature of abdominal wall.
Somatic nerve are associated with the sensation.
Somatointestinal muscle are specialized muscles cells.
The individual is specialised in the field of Somatology.
Cross section view showing somato - oesophageal muscle.
Somatopathy treatment was found out to be less complex than mental.
Somatoplasm does not include germplasm.
The tissues examined were found out to be of Somatopleural origin.
The cross section of the Somatopleure was mounted under a high resolution microscope.
Somatopsychic outcomes of this illness were studied.
Somatopsychic is the study of the effects of the body upon the mind.
This method of Somatotherapy was being used by most of the docotrs.
The filed of Somatotomy is complex and there are lot of books for referring.
The drug that is being taken is Somatotropic.
Somesthesia test was conducted on the individual.
The test is somesthetic and is seen to be hihly effective.
The Somite structure was composed of unspecified cells.
Somnambulism is a sleep disorder.
Somnambulism is a problem which is noticed in a lot of individuals.
The Somnambulist is being examined by the doctor.
The drug that is being given by the doctor is Somnifacient.
The liquid is Somniferous and needs to be avoided by night travellers.
Somniloquence symptoms are being observed in your brother.
Somnipathy can be corrected by going through this treatment.
Somnolence is a condition of incomplete sleep; semicomatose.
Somnolence is observed in the person whoc is suffering from this infection.
Somnolence was observed in the individual who had meet with an accident.
Somnolency is seen in the individual as he is going through a hogh degree of treatment.
The somnolent state of the individual is due to the consumption of the prohibited drug.
Only one case of Somnolentia was observed in the school.
Liquor is Somnolescent and should not be consumed while driving.
The bodyplasm is alsoknown as somoplasm.
Sonorous gives a forth loud and rounded sound
The sppech of the doctor was sonorous.
Sonorous Rale is observed in the individual while he is fast asleep.
Customers prefer to go to banks which offer sophisticated lending.
Sopor is being observed in the individual who has undergone this surgery.
The drug is Soporiferous and should not be given to children.
Soporific are narcotic means a drugs producing sleep.
A Soporific medicine causes sleepiness in the person.
Alcohol is Soporific and should not be consumed before going to work.
This gas causes a Soporose condition.
Soporous drugs should be avoided by the doctors.
The medicine that is prescribed by the doctor is Sorbefacient in nature.
The sorbent is widely useed in hospital labs.
Sorbitol is found out to be main constituent of the solution prepared.
sordes was observed in the teeth of the child as he was not brushing properly.
Sore throat is the inflammation of the tonsils pharynx or larynx.
Bedsore are present in the bed ridden patient due to illness.
He is shouting as he has a sore arm.
The sore has got worse and needs medication at the earliest.
Soredium is an asexual reproductive unit of lichens.
Sore eye is abnormal condition of eye.
The soreness is observed in the leg of the person who is just been operated.
The medicine is prescribed by the doctor to the individual who is complaining of sore - throat.
He is having problem in swallowing food as he has sore - throat.
Sorghum is being advised by the ayurvedic doctor.
Soroche is observed mostly in mountain climbers.
Pineapple and mulberry are sorosis fruit.
The sorting appliances would make the job easy.
Sorus produce spores.
Souffle can be heard if the instrument is placed near the heart.
He is in a sound healt nowadays.
The sound which is being produced is of high intensity.
He had a sound sleep after he was done with work.
A sound bank should be in a position to pay its depositors as and when their claims arise.
Banks prefer to consider loan proposals from their borrowers who have a sound finance base.
The soup was found out to have very high nutritive value.
Lemon has a sour taste.
The taste of the medicine is sour.
Most recent trends for data input is towards source data automation.
Keeping a track in source of cash is a vital importance for a business concern.
How to implement source routing with Linux?
Can you share your sources with me?
South bound interest rates may affect bank 's earnings.
The south - south countries require assistance from the developed countries.
The south - south countries require assistance from the developed countries.
Sovereign goods are considered to be like gold coin.
The sovereign paper is associated with the sovereign risks.
The sovereign risk may be on account of economic difficulties or change of government.
The sovereign risk may be on account of economic difficulties or change of government.
Sovereign yield curve can be used as a comparison with other yield at a time.
Soyabean is being planted in large scale by farmers.
Seeds of soybean is full of protein.
There is extra cellular space between the cells.
Solar sustem, stars and galaxies exist in the space.
The event occurred in the space of 15 minutes.
Space medicine is one of the branch of the medical science.
The application method of space spray of insecticides.
Spacewar is the first computer video game in history.
Spadix is mainly present in the members of family Araceae.
Spanemia is identified in you as you dont eat proper food.
Spanish Fly is used in the mating of animals.
Spasm occures in the muscle as a result of trauma or some irritant.
vascular spasm, chemical sympathectomy may give relief.
The spasm was obsevred in the renal artery.
A spasmodic condition of intestine causes abdominal pain.
The diagonosis of the Spasmodic condition is explained by the doctor.
The root extract that is used for medicinal purpose is Spasmogenic.
The doctor is being specialised in the field of spasmology.
The medicine makes you feel little dizzy at Spasmolysis.
Spasmolytics are acts as antispasmodic. Eg. Cyclopam tablet.
The medicine is spasmolytic and can help a lot.
Spasmophilia was observed in the individual who is suffering from rickets.
Spasmus is observed repeatedly in the indiviual who is being examined by the doctor.
The ointment is applied in cases of spasmus nutans.
The spastic nature of the drug is confirmed by the doctors.
The patient is spastic and is in the ICU.
He is Spastic and needs urgent attention.
Spastic Abasia was observed in the individual after he meet with an accident.
spastic Gait was observed to be associated with brain tumors.
Spastic Hemiplegia was observed in the individual who meet with an accident.
Clasp - knife spasticity is found in paralysis
The doctor advised no treatment for the condition of Spasticity.
Spastic Paralysis was observed in the individual soon after he feel (fall) om the building.
The person is suffering from Spastic Paraplegia on account of wrong diagonosis by the doctor.
Cross sectional view of spatha isolated from insects.
Spathe is leaf like bract that covers spadix.
The study of the spatial distribution of a particular disease.
A decision on spatial industrialisation has to be taken by the government.
The saptula is seen to be fully covered by blood.
Spatulate leaves are broad end and narrow base.
Spatule is used in pharmacy for spreading plasters and ointments.
A speaking order is generally free from any ambiguity.
Spear is used for feeding.
The nature of the spear guiding apparatus in nematodes.
The spearhead money decide the trend of the market.
Protractor muscles attached to spear knob.
The spear shaft is encircled by the guiding apparatus.
Spec is an act of guessing something without knowing all the facts.
National Award winning employees receive special additional pension.
A cheque with special crossing become more safe than general crossing.
Special drawing rights (SDR) each member is allotted a quota in the form of reserve assets in the members country 's currency.
A special economic zone for tribal areas has been created.
A blank endorsement can be converted into special endorsement.
Special floating loan is generally granted for stock in progress, consumable stores / spares etc.
Special injunction order against the builder has been issued by the court not to proceed with the construction work.
SIGLEX is a Special Interest Group on the Lexicon of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The specialisation of a mouthparts of insects for sucking blood.
The docotr is a renowened bone specialist.
The docotr has done his specialization in london.
Special pay was given to employees for Diwali.
Special presentation is a usual practice in clearing.
We are developing a special - purpose computer for classical molecular dynamics simulations.
A special purpose vehicle has been constituted to take up highway projects.
A special purpose vehicle has been constituted to take up highway projects.
The special sense of the individual are very good and can instantly identify.
Surgery is the docotrs speciality and has performed a lot of them.
In speciation a population divides into two population which do not interbreed.
The estimated value of specie has been insured.
The members of different species are reprodutively isolated.
Tamiflue is specific medicine for swine flu.
The specific cause of the disease was identified.
The specific action of the drug is studied by the doctor.
Specific disease like cholera is caused by vibrio cholerae bacteria.
This infection is rated under the specific disease table.
Specific Dynamic Action (SDA) of the food was being tested.
The specificity of the pathogenic organisms was studied by the researcher.
Specificity of transmission is determined by the specificity of attachment.
The medicine is very good as it is specific remedy.
some diseases has specific sexage.
The specillum was used to remove debris from the hollw structure.
The specillum was inserted into the opening of the organ.
Specimen form for house loan application is available at the counter.
The specimen signature book is kept in the custody of passing official.
The specimen signature book is kept in the custody of passing official.
Spectacles are used to correct errors of refraction or to protect the eyes.
The spectacles are very much lighter as compared to the earlier ones.
The spectral effect of the molecules was studied.
The spectrometer is an expensive instrument and you need to handle with care.
Spectrometry was perofrmed during the analysis of the gas.
The calibbration of the Spectrophotometer was compulsary.
Spectrophotometry can only be performed by individuals who know how to use the spectrophotometer.
Spectroscope is observed to be held at the back of the eyepiece.
Spectroscopy was necessary for the process of identification of the substance.
Broad spectrum antibiotics are used for gram positive and gram negetive organisams.
The spectrum of the light was observed to have seven differen colors.
Our eyes perceive a tiny sliver of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Speculative bargain may proved a good profitable deal and may also result in loss.
Speculative business is done in the hope of making quick profit.
Speculative capital may move to other places quickly.
No concrete plans for production can be finalised on the basis of speculative demand.
No concrete plans for production can be finalised on the basis of speculative demand.
Speculative hoarding may be one of the reasons in escalation of prices of some commodities.
Speculatives in the share market may create artificial shortage or excess in the stocks.
A speculator invests in the hope of making money but with the possibility of loss.
Vaginal speculum is used for the examination of vagina and cervix.
The speculum was attached to the probe which was inserted in the body.
The Speculum Forceps was inserted by the doctor into his nose.
He has a good tone of speech.
A language analyzer performs speech recognition on a speech input by a speech input unit.
An answering unit connected to the data bank, connects to the telephone network and has a speech output unit.
Shrutlekhan - Rajbhasha is a famous Speech synthesizer system for Hindi language, developed by C - DAC, Pune.
The speed money in many countries of the work has become a routine practice.
Speedy recovery of agricultural loans will enhance the borrowing capacity of farmers for the next crop.
A spell of asthma occurs in the cloudy weather.
He had a very bad spell of cough.
You can find spelling checker in your MS - Word file.
He spend a lot of time waiting hor the doctor at his clinic.
With the increased emoluments of government employees their spending power has increased considerably.
The sperm count was checked by the doctor.
Sperm in human are motile.
The medicine is known to help in treatment of Spermacrasia condition.
Spermatheca receives and store sperms in female.
The Spermatic cord of the individual was being examined.
The blood is being circulated using the Spermatic Artery.
Spermatic cord carries the sperm from testes to seminal vesicle.
The Spermatic Cord was observed to be composed of blood vessesl.
The Spermatic Duct was observed to be swollen in nature.
Spermaticidal was advised by the doctr to avoid cahnces of pregnancey.
Spermatid are formed by second meiotic division spermatocyte.
Spermatism process depends on the level of excitation.
Spermatitis can be treated by going through this procedure.
Spermatocele can go away if you use this medicine regularly.
Spermatocide are used to kill sperms.
Spermatocide was advised by the doctor to avoid chances of pregnancy.
The cells of the Spermatocytal cyst was observed.
Spermatocyte give rise to haploid spermatids.
spermatogenesis occurs in the testes..
The process of Spermatogenesis was found out to be much complex.
Spermatogenesis takes place in male testis.
The process of spermatogenesis starts during puberty.
The number of the Spermatogenic element was counted.
Spermatogonium are the progenitors of spermatocytes.
The Spermatoid that was observed survived for a periof od 5 hours.
It was proved that night emission was very much different from Spermatorrhea.
Spermatozoan are found in semen and are motile.
Sermatozoon produced after puberty in the testes.
The Spermatozoon was kept in the medium for the purpose of examination.
Spermaturia can be a sign of getting sexually matured.
Sperm cyst is present in the testis of insects.
Spermicide are used as contraceptive substance.
Spermatozoid moves by means of flagella.
Sperm tube carry semen to the urethra.
The symptoms of Sphacelation were observed in the individual.
Sphaeraphide are present in ferns and other plants.
Attraction sphere is present in the cytoplasm.
Hip and shoulder joint is a spheroidal joint in the body.
A external urethral sphincter of male
A sphincture muscle of anal canaL is called as sphincter ani,
Sphincter muscle around the urethra control the flow of urine.
Sphygmomanometer is used for measurement of blood pressure.
A spica is used to immobilize a limb especially at a joint.
Spices are used to flavor foods.
The function of spicular pouch is to provide the movement to spicules.
A bony spicule. or dental spicule.
The spicule in nematode is paired.
There is a spider mite.
Spiders have six types of silk glands within their abdomen region.
Spike is a cluster of sessile flowers on the main branch.
A spikelet comprises florets surrounded by bracts.
Spill over stock has to be disposed of first.
A spinal cord is present in the vertebral column.
Spinal caries is abnormal condition of vertebral column.
Spinal column supports trunk
Spinal cord present in the vertebral column.
Spinal cord gives off the pairs of spinal nerves carries impulses to and from the brain.
Spinal jacket is used in the fracture of the cervical spine
Spindle are seen during cell division.
Spindle attachment occurs during the separation of chromosomes into daughter cells.
Spindle fibre arises from the centriole during cell division.
Cancerous cells are spindle shaped.
Pott 's spine is a disease of spine.
A bamboo spine is disease of spine.
Spine is a modified stem axis.
Spine is a pointed structure found on plant.
Spinneret are present in the abdomens of spiders.
The spinning off of business may open up new opportunities.
Muscles and ligaments are attached to the spinous process.
In sharks spiracle are found behind the eyes.
Some pesons has spiral hairs on the head
Spiral nematode cause damage to bluegrass.
Spirillum belongs to family Spirillaceae.
A spiritus work should be done by some one.
Spirogyra are found in freshwater areas.
Lung function is assesed by Spirometer
There is normal splanchnic lymph formation in the body.
Splash of water from water fall.
Spleen is a blood - forming organ in early life and later a storage organ for red corpuscles and platelets;
Spleen is also acts as a blood filter because of the large number of macrophages,
Splenectomy is done in the chronic severe spleen disease.
Splenohepatomegaly is one of the sign of typhoid fever.
There is tropical and hemolytic splenomegaly.
Splint is used to avoid movement of the joint or other body pat.
A plaster splint is used in the bone fracture.
A split of carbon dioxide.
Split a fat into glycerol and fatty acid.
The split income has to be consolidated under respective category for income tax purposes.
Taxonomists are often referred as splitter.
Splitting is dividing a taxa into new taxa.
A ankylosing spondylitis
Sponge bath is done for scrubbing and cleaning of the body.
A cold water sponging is done in the high fever.
Sponging is done to dry the body after bath.
Spongy parenchyma fills the interior part of a leaf.
The newly opened bank will make reference to the sponsor bank on all policy matters.
A spontaneous blood formation process by bone marrow.
Spontaneous abortion is a abnormal condition occurs in some pregnant women.
A spoon is used for feeding the liquid medicine.
A sporadic occurance of a disease.
Cost of providing sporadic lending is much more to the bank.
Sporadic parthenogenesis has been reported in snakes.
Spodoptera exempta is a sporadic pest of rice.
Sporangiophore is a specialized branch that have one or more sporangia.
Sporangium can be single celled or many celled.
Spore form of bacteria is killed by autoclave.
Spore are dispersed by wind.
Spore mother cell give rise to haploid spores.
Spore sac can be single or multiple celled.
Sporogonium consists of foot, seta and capsule.
Lycophytes produces sporophyll.
Sporophyte reproduces by spores.
Blind spot is present on the back of the retina of eye.
A White spot on the skin is sign of leucoderma.
Spot and forward dollars are usually purchased / sold by banks or big companies.
Payment is required to be made in case of spot delivery.
Spot exchange facilities are available near the Air Ports.
Spotlight system is designed to allow the user to quickly locate a wide variety of items on the computer, including documents, pictures, music, applications.
Spot market is opposite to future or forward market.
The spot price may be more or less depending upon the market conditions.
Spot selling rate depend on the supply and demand.
Spot treatment only destroy target plant.
Customs in foreign exchange deal pay the spot value.
A sprain in the ankle joint due to falling on the leg.
A nasal spray is used in the common cold
A method to make garlic insecticide spray.
To spray a fertilizer on growing crops.
To control pest proper spray concentrate is required.
Spray deposite of pesticide on plant cause damage to non target arthropods.
Spray drift depends on wind velocity, droplet size.
Sprayer are used to apply plant protecting solution to crop.
Various tools are used for spraying.
One of the method used for spraying among the various spraying types.
Spray tower works under low pressure.
Spreader is used to spread bacteria on the culture media.
Spreading decline reduces fruit yield.
For your specific purposes, you can use MS - Excel spreadsheet.
CALC is the spreadsheet program you have always wanted.
A good food is spring of energy.
Spring wood are usually formed in spring season.
SprintNet 's Dial Access Services provide you access to the SprintNet global data network 24 hours a day for reliable data transmission across town and worldwide.
A syncytial sprout is a localised aggregation of syncytiotrophoblastic nuclei in the villi of the placenta during early pregnancy.
Sprue has fatty diarrhoea and malabsorption of nutrients.
A spur of the moment
A calcarine spur in the calcanium bone. is a abormal condition.
Spur are found in fruiting trees like pears, apples etc.
Spurious coin is confiscated by the authorities.
A spurred plant have more that one spur.
Spurt in the prices of essential commodities has made the life of common man difficult.
A rusty or green sputum is found in some respiratory disease.
Sputum expectorated in diseases of the air passages.
Sputum examination is done in tuberculosis.
The first version of SQL was developed at IBM by Andrew Richardson, Donald C. Messerly and Raymond F. Boyce in the early 1970s.
The first version of SQL was developed at IBM by Andrew Richardson, Donald C. Messerly and Raymond F. Boyce in the early 1970s.
The squama of the temporal bone is a scale like thin structure.
A square deal is satisfying to all the parties.
Nothing is required to be carried forward when there is square position.
Square waves are used as timing references or "clock signals".
A squeezed bear may sometime loose everything in the market.
SSL uses a program layer located between the Internet 's Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and Transport Control Protocol (TCP) layers.
Stability in the normal condition of body.
A stability in the mental condition causes mental health.
Reserve Bank has created a long term credit stabilisation fund to be used in natural calamities.
A stab injury can be caused by knife.
certain constituents of serum are stable, which are unaffected by ordinary degrees of heat;
The stable demand of consumer goods has helped producing units.
Stable exchange rate help projects which are being executed with the foreign assistance without escalation of cost.
During stable money period its value does not fluctuate much.
The stadium is a developing stage in arthopods.
Staff is necessary for any institute.
A stag is not considered to be an investor.
In the placental stage of labour, placenta and fetal membrane are discharged.
Stage is an individual process in a group of processes.
Stagflation is a severe phase of inflation generated results.
It would be difficult to recover the staggering loss in near future.
Effective measure be initiated to check the staggering loss.
Stagging is a practice commonly resorted to * * * * the share market.
A stagnant thrombus in the blood vessel of brain causes paralysis.
The stagnant economy may retard the process of development.
The stagnant economy may retard the process of development.
Stagnation of blood in the vessels of heart causes heart failure.
Stagnation in industry will cause large scale unemployment.
A dye used in histologic and bacteriologic technique
Different stain are used in biology.
Stained foreign exchange resources may lend into trouble.
Stained foreign exchange resources may lend into trouble.
A staining of teeth due pan masala, gutgha chewing.
Staining of cells and tissues. or bacteria is done for diagnosis of a disease.
Staining is used to examine cells under the microscope.
The stakeholders have a legitimate say in reorganisation of the business.
A stale cheque is returned by the bank unpaid.
There is a stalk of pituitary gland.
Stamen consists of filament and an anther.
Staminate pine cones are small in size.
Grinnell 's Penstemon have hairy yellow staminode.
A stammer is speech disoerder
Stamp duty at prescribed rate is required to be paid while registering conveyance of property.
On executing a stamped bond confiscated goods can be released.
Stamped receipt is admissible in court of law as a valid document.
Stamping of document is necessary to make it valid and acceptable in court of law.
Stamping of document is necessary to make it valid and acceptable in court of law.
At the stance of MD orders for suspension of the employee were revoked.
The newly sanctioned project is on stand alone basis.
In a standard coin prescribed proportions of weight of metal are used.
Standard deviation is a common measures of variability.
Generally all web sites containes a page of Standard Disclaimer.
Standard error gives an estimate of the standard deviation.
The design of HTML was originally inspired by Standard generalized markup language tagging.
A standardization of drug is done for identity, purity, and efficacy.
W3C is the international standardization working group for Web standards.
Standard money is acceptable mode of settlement.
The standard of cost is generally applicable on the basis of normal output conditions.
Standard of living in rural India has improved in the past decade.
Gold is widely accepted standard of value worldwide.
Standard is also referred as banner, which is a petals of a papilionaceous flower.
Stand by - agreement is generally made to uphold support in emergent situation.
Stand by arrangements for supply of power have been made in case of power failure.
The distance between master and standby computer systems is limited only by the availability of network connections.
Arrangement to meet the stand - by cost have been made.
How often is the space - required standby register run?
The handset offers users a talk time of up to 11 hours and standby time of up to 30 days through a high - capacity 1350mAh battery.
The bill relating to reservation of women has been ref * * * * * standing committee.
Standing credits are generally sanctioned for undertaking agricultural operations.
The standing crop cannot be attached in settlement of dues.
Banks are under obligation to follow the standing instructions from their customers.
The stand still clause may be for safeguarding a structure or not allow change in position of something.
Wheat is the staple commodity in northern belt of the country.
Tea is one of the staple exports commodity of the country.
Rice is staple food for southern states in the country.
Potatoes are rich in starch.
A star crossed investor always loose in the share market.
StarLAN was developed in the mid 1980s by Tim Rock, Richard Bennett, Pat Thaler.
An active star network has an active central node that usually has the means to prevent echo - related problems.
Starred question is asked in the Lok Sabha during the question hour.
I have to send an start bit before each byte, but I dont know how to do this using MSComm (Visual Basic 6).
A start signal is limited to one signal element usually having the duration of a unit interval.
It doesn 't seem possible to change a starting state node to a normal state node.
Star Topology is the most common type of network topology that is used in homes and offices.
In the grammar for a programming language, the start symbol is usually the rule for program or translation unit.
Starvation is similar in effect to deadlock.
He made him starve for more than 4 days, due to which the child died.
A star - wired LAN may be implemented as a hybrid between a point - to - point and a ring LAN.
Stoppage of blood is called as Hemostasis
The drug that is being givent ot he patients is very harfull which can cause stasis.
A stat dose of antimalerial medicine, chloroquin is 600mg.
An excited state of person.
A convulsive state in epilepsy
He was in a state of shock after he got the bad news.
The state can be thought of as analogous to a practical computer 's main memory.
A copy of the stated account may be sent to the audit firm.
There are many forms of state diagrams, which differ slightly and have different semantics.
A stateless file server avoids state information by making each request self - contained.
Copy of the statement made by the MD has been sent to all shareholders.
The statement of account has been prepared for perusal and approval.
The details of statement of affairs and balance sheet have been approved by the board of directors.
The main source of state money are taxes, revenue and other resources.
State monopoly is not a favoured idea these days.
On verification it was noticed that the state of property was in bad shape.
State of the art technology in telecom sector has made communication very swift and convenient.
State run banks are known as public sector banks.
State transition diagrams have been used right from the beginning in object - oriented modeling.
Use the state transition table to draw the state diagram.
Temperature, pressure, internal energy, enthalpy, entropy are examples of state variables in a thermodynamics system.
There is no human body which remains static.
The problem with static allocation was the difficulty of computing the inputs and outputs of a transaction before it runs.
Static economy will dislocate all the developmental plans.
A static memory cell takes a lot more space on a chip than a dynamic memory cell.
Static RAM is easier to control and generally more truly random access than modern types of Dynamic RAM.
The value of Static Refraction of each eye of the child was measured.
Linker is an example of static relocation used to combine modules into programs.
Static routing is supported on all routing devices and all routers.
The principles of statics and dynamics chaged a lot of concepts in the field of mechanics.
In the early days of computing, assembly language and FORTRAN were the main tools and they used static storage allocation.
Local variables in a static function or static subroutine retain their values.
A static variable is also a class variable because only class variables can be resolved at compile time in Java.
Statim treatment was carried out on the diseased person as soon as symptoms were detected.
The ischial spines of the maternal pelvis. Called as zero station, it is seen during delivary of baby.
At Web Space Station, We offer custom software development and Web development.
A quarterly statistical abstract is published by RBI on banking matters.
This statistics is reliable.
The statistics of the patients that were examined in the hospital was prepared for study purpose.
The doctor is an eye surgeon and he is checking the persons eye using a Statometer.
A status asthmaticus is severe state of asthma
The patients mental state was being checked by the neurosurgeon.
Status Arthriticus was observed in the individual after he was examined by the doctor.
Proper oxygen treatment was given to the patient as he suffered from Status Asthmaticus.
I am trying to read data from the middle byte on the status channel of a BIOSEMI file.
The Status Epilepticus effect was such that it caused severe damage to the brain.
Status Indicator is a precise instrument on web and it is free to use.
Banks generally do not accede to requests for status opinion from other agencies on their clients.
The status paper on the functioning of the textile industry has been prepared by a teams of experts.
A popular example of a status register is the FLAGS register of x86 architecture based microprocessors.
The patient had to be admitted to the hospital after he showed symptoms of Status Typhosus.
The statute enacted by Parliament is applicable to the entire country unless otherwise stated.
The statutory authority has to be exercised within the framework of law.
The statutory authority when empowered can levy penalty.
Banks earn interest on eligible statutory cash - reserve balances thus maintained.
Banks are required to maintain statutory deposit with central bank of the country.
The term of statutory lien are governed by service conditions.
Statutory liquidity ratio work as a tool of credit control.
With steady money you can have your own home.
When an antivirus program tries to detect the virus, the stealth virus feeds the antivirus program a clean image of the file or boot sector.
A hot steam is produced in a autoclave.
The doctor had asked the patient to take steam bath once every week.
Steatomatosis in the child is a congenital disease and can be treated to some extent.
The condition of Steatopyga can be greatly seen in African females.
The weight loss in the individual is seen to occur because of Steatorrhoea.
Steatosis was observed in the individual who never got engaged in such activities.
A steering committee of MPs guide and formulate the work schedule of the parliament.
The stele consists of vascular tissue and occasionally a pith.
The structure of the bone is Stella in appearance.
A Stellate ulcer was observed on the skin of the individual was was being diagonised.
The stellate ganglion has a star shape appearance.
The dendrites of the stellate cells radiates from the cell body.
Stellate fracture was observed in the wrist bone of the individual after he meet with an accident.
The shampoo which is being launched is known to prevent the condition of stellate hair.
The stem is divided into node and internode.
Stem and bulb nematode are classified as endoparasites.
The growth of a stem spine is determinate.
The stem tendril is a modification of stem.
The stem thorn is a modification of stem.
A condition of steno - thorax was observed in the child soon after his delivery.
This was identified as the best treatment for treating Stenocardia.
Stenocephaly in the individual is not a genetic disorder as his parents are very much normal.
Stenochoria is responsible for improper blood circulation in the body.
Stenopeic divice was used by the patient soon after he went through an eye surgery.
The duct of the body is seen to be Stenosed.
An aortic stenosis is abnormal condition of heart.
Stenosis was observed in most of the patients after they went throgu the surgical process.
Stenosis of laryngeal due cancer tumor.
I have just heard from the doctor that my orifice is Stenotic.
The Stephanial part of the head was seen to be badly damaged after he meet with an accident.
Cracs were observed in the stephanion part of the human skull.
Step system taxation leads to a fair distribution of tax burden.
The doctor had removed a small Stercolith from the childs intestine.
Stercoraceous vomitting is observed in the individual who is just being admitted to the hospital.
The treatment of the Stercoral Ulcer depends on the severity of the symptoms.
The discharged Stercus was observed to be very hard and dark colored.
The Stereognostic sense was observed to be less developed in the child.
The Stereogram image that was created was very much complicated and hence the effect could not be seen properly.
The configuration of the Stereoisomer was studied by the scientist.
Stereoisomerism was obsevred to be present in these alkenes.
A sterile woman can 't have a child.
Sterile stamen are not able to produce pollen.
Sterile - insect technique is used to control pest.
A sterilization is done by sterilizer, or by chemical agent.
A female and male sterilization is done for infertility.
Sterilisation of funds will create paucity of resources.
Vasectomy is male sterilization operation, tubectomy is female sterilization operation.
Sterilizer is used for sterilization.
glass bead sterilizer, hot salt sterilizer.
Sterility of an instrument.
A female sterility, A male sterility
Sterling account can be maintained in sterling area.
Sterling balance can be converted to rupee balance under certain circumstances.
Permission from RBI is required to maintain sterling investment account.
Sternite on abdomen of a crustacean are the sites of attachment of the pleopods.
Sternum is present infront of the chest.
Sternum is a T shaped bone.
Sterol are the organic molecules.
Stethoscope is used for hearing lung and heart sounds.
Enzyme secreted from stichocyte in nematodes.
The ultrastructure of stichosome of nematode.
Sticker improves the adhesion of the spray to the sprayed surface.
Chances of sticky advances to be made regular may be brought if a problem solving and helping attitude is adopted.
A close watch on a sticky and stagnant account has to be kept.
Sticky price may help some people in executing the plan with no escalation.
A social stigma due to white spot on face.
The stigma of a flower is sticky to capture pollen grains.
In still birth infant has died prior to delivery.
What is the benefit of using a still video over a photograph?
Stilt root are aerial adventitious root.
A Male and female sex stimulant causes sexual desire.
An aphrodisiac drug stimulate the sex.
A vagal nerve stimulation is done to avoid vasovegal shock.
Knee jerk produced due to quadriceps stimuli.
Stimulus can evoke action in a muscle, nerve, gland or other excitable tissue.
An organism respond when a stimulus is applied.
The plant chemicals of stinging nettle cause stinging sensation.
Sting nematode cause yield loss.
In flowering plants stipe is a stalk that supports plant ovary.
Claim for stipulated damages are settled more easily.
In computer programming, Stipulation is a condition or predication that is a prerequisite about any code or application.
Stirrup is used for bony conduction of sound in the hearing sensation
Stitch are tatken to facilitate healing o wound.
Stitch is done to close the wound
Stitch like pain is symtom, found in some diseases.
Stitching pain occurs most often in runners.
Stock is the goods a trader has in hand.
Stock and Share, all are traded in the share market.
Stock appreciation as a deferred cash compensation.
Stock balance has to be evaluated on the book value.
Stock balance has to be evaluated on the book value.
A share broker has to be registered with the stock exchange.
The stock exchange provide a full list of companies that are listed with the exchange.
Stocking anesthesia is used during minor surgery of lower extremities.
Stock - in - hire will have to be tallied at the time of stock taking.
Value of stock in process is estimated on the basis of actual cost.
Adequate insurance for stock in trade has been taken.
Stockist may keep the goods in large quantity to meet the market requirements or meet the speculative demand.
The stocks jobber is today 's market maker.
Stock markets instruments are governed by the respective laws.
Stocks of inventories is prepared generally at the end of the financial year.
Stock taking is usually done at the end of the financial year.
Stock turn may also be called the spread.
The stock turnover ratio during festival season shows improvement.
Stock valuation is based on the nature of goods, which may be valued at cost price or market price or whichever is lower etc.
Indiscriminate issue of bonus shares to shareholders is an example of stock watering.
Indiscriminate issue of bonus shares to shareholders is an example of stock watering.
Stokes Adams syndrome is an altered state of consciousness caused by a decreased flow of blood to the brain
At nodes stolon gives rise to a new plant.
Stoma are surrounded by guard cells.
An artificial opening between two cavities or canals, or between such and the surface of the body.
Blood stained discharge from the mouth is specific symptom of stomacace.
Food storage and digestion occurs in the stomach.
Stomach secretes the gastric juice.
Stomach is the chief digestive organ.
Stomachache is due to the gastritis
Hydro chloric acid is a stomachai secretion
Gastrin is a stomachai secretion.
Gastric juice is stomachic secretion
Gastric ulcer is a stomachic disease
Bt is an example of stomach poison.
Stomach pump is used for removing the contents of the stomach by means of suction.
Stomach wash is done in the poisoning.
Stomata are surrounded by guard cells.
Stomatal closure on the plant surface.
Stomatalgia is produced by injury and infection of the mouth
Plants regulate the opening of stomata to regulate stomatal transpiration.
A angular and ulcerative stomatitis
Stomatitis is a sign of vitamine B 12 defeciency and other many conditions.
Stomatology is a study of the structure, function, and diseases of the mouth.
excessive chewing of betel nut causes stomatomalcia
Stomachomychosis is caused due to a fungus.
Cancer of mouth is a stomatopathy
Stomatoplasty is done to treat the mouth wound due to injury
Stomatoscope is used for examination of oral cavity.
The stomatostylet mainly consists of tooth cone, shaft, and knobs.
The stomium is a point in the sporangium of ferns where dehiscence occurs.
The stomodaeum is lined by the ectoderm.
The stomodaeum is lined by the ectoderm.
Urinary stone is most commonly formed in the passages of the urinary tracts; usually composed of salts of inorganic or organic acids.
Bile stone is formed in the passages of the biliary tracts; composed of bile salts.
Urinary stone is found in the urinary bladder and kidney
Stone protects the seed inside.
Stool is pale yellow colored due to stercobilin.
Rice - water stool is found in cholera.
stool is a solid end product of digested food.
There is physical, chemical, microscopic examination of stool.
Stooping is sign of old age in some people. and also sign of some diseases.
Stop and go production is adopted when there is demand fluctuation in the market.
It is a simple timing chart of a stop - and - wait flow control of data links.
The Stop and Wait protocol is very easy to implement and runs very quickly and efficiently.
The STOP character is used to support the IXON and IXOFF input modes.
We are getting this stop code after we forced a windows 2000 server down with the power button.
The stop gap arrangement has been made on trial basis.
Stop go economy does not clearly reflect the direction of the economy.
The STOP instruction information provided below is a PDF file, and you will need a Reader to view it.
This is the stop key, which shuts the machine off when you want to stop reading.
Stoppage in transit of the goods may create some complications.
On receipt of stop payment order bank should put the order on the file and record it in the ledger account etc.
Stopped cheque is returned by the paying banker with suitable remarks.
Stop price / stop loss price is the order to the broker to sell the share when the price exceeds the given level.
Branch has received instructions from controlling office to stop renewal of the credit limit.
The crawling tab does not give me the "stop signal" command while the script is running.
A storage of glucose in the liver
The sugar does not increase during storage of fruit.
The storage capacity of this computer is 160 GB.
This module provides functions for dynamic storage allocation.
Storage capacity of the godown is full. No more goods for storage can be accepted now.
Storage capacity of the godown is full. No more goods for storage can be accepted now.
I have a removable storage device of 4GB capacity.
Storage device is computer memory that can retain the stored information even when not powered.
You could change your storage dump options to do a complete dump.
There are three different but related forms of storage fragmentation: external, internal, and data fragmentation.
Flash Memory, Main memory, Cache memory are the topmost level in the storage hierarchy.
Many embedded systems include storage protection, which is required to build fault tolerant systems.
The storage register has parallel 3 - state outputs.
Select the storage register for each transfer.
Select the storage register for each transfer.
Adipose tissue in the liver is a storage tissue.
Store the data into pen drive.
Store and forward network is a network in which a physical communication path exists between two end - systems with no other devices involved.
The store credit comes at a high interest rate.
List of stored - product in plant.
John von Neumann, a mathematician and early computer scientist developed stored program concept for computers.
Baby was the world 's first stored - program computer, built in 1948.
The stored - program control allows system designs the necessary flexibility to design new features and install them easily.
When I tried accessing a stored routine from another database, I received an error.
The report on store house inspection may be sent to the controlling office of the bank.
Gold is considered to be the best store of value while paper money may not be.
The stores outlay is part of the direct cost of production.
The stores outlay is part of the direct cost of production.
For issuing a store value card one has to keep equivalent amount of deposit with the issuing bank.
Thyroid storm presents with extreme symptoms of hyperthyroidism.
Thyrotoxicosis is due to thyroid storm
Stowage is a term related to activities for keeping goods in a tidy manner and making payment for it.
Strabismic is related to the squint.
Strabismometer is used for measuring strabismus.
Strabismus is abnormal condition of the eye.
Strabatome is used during strabotomy.
Strabotomy is done to cure strabismus
Straddle is a right to choose between to sell or to buy.
Straddle is a right to choose between to sell or to buy.
In a straddle a buyer of a straddle speculates that the security 's price will go up or come down before option expires.
Straight bill of lading is a kind of bill of lading which a recognised mode.
Straight bonds are not convertible to any other type of security.
In a straight debt there is no chance of changes in the rate of return or interest.
In a straight debt there is no chance of changes in the rate of return or interest.
Straight (free riders) try to take maximum benefit of the situation.
Straight line method of depreciation is a common practice for calculating depreciation.
Straight mortgage is a routine type of mortgage.
Straight shipment may reach in lesser time.
Straight time wages are usually paid to the workers who are engaged on contract basis.
Urethra is a strait structure in the penis
Stramonium contains a toxic alkaloids and are used in medicine similarly to belladonna
Stranding is generally possible when different rates are quoted in the local market.
strangle can cause death of aperson
Strangulated hernia is found in some patient
Strangulated hernia is a abnormal condition found in some male patient
Strangulation of neck causes death.
A strangulation of vessel, or intestine.
strangulation is a type of murder of somebody by some one
Urine may be passed intermittently with pain and tenesmus strangury
strangury is a symptom of urinary track disease.
strap is used to close the injury or as support to treat fracture of bone.
Strapping is done to bind surfaces together or to give support to the part.
Strassen algorithm is asymptotically faster than the standard matrix multiplication algorithm, but slower than the CoppersmithWinograd algorithm.
For obtaining strategic loan one has to prove the need and viability and bankability of the project.
Rock are formed by stratification of layers.
There is a strtified epithelial tissue
Stratified epithelium found in retina of eye and the skin.
A stratum corneum epidermidis is one of the layer of skin
Stratum like structure found in skin and other body tissue.
There is a stratum cinereum colliculi superioris
Stratum corneum is consisting of several layers of flat keratinized non - nucleated cells.
Stratum Granulosum resembling granules or granulations in the epidermis
Stratum lucidum is found primarily in the thick epidermis of the palmar and plantar skin.
Strawberry mark occurs at birh.
Strawberry tongue is a sign of vitamin B12 deficiency.
Strawberry tongue is a characteristic of scarlet fever and of Kawasaki disease.
A red streak is found on the skin after scratching the skin in some person.
a streak of redness resulting from drawing a point across the skin, especially notable in cases of meningitis
A blood sream is present in the vessels.
Street price is purely arbitral and speculative in shares.
Street trade is a big business in big cities.
The strength of person decided on his heavy physical work.
Strengthening depends on food and exercise.
Strephosybolia is symptom of learning disability found in some shildren
The female of strepsiptera are wingless.
Strep throat also have fever, prostration, and toxemia.
Streptobacillus transmitted to humans through bites. or ingestion of milk contaminated by rats.
Dental caries is due to the Streptococcal infection
Streptocemia can cause fever.
Streptococcus occur regularly in the mouth and intestines of humans
It would be difficult to dispose of distressed assets at a reasonable price.
It would be difficult to dispose of distressed assets at a reasonable price.
Stretcher is used for the disabled patient to transport in the hospital
acoustic striae is present in the fourth ventricle of brain
Striae are formed due to rapid growth.
Striated border found in the intestine formed by closely packed microvilli.
Cardiac muscle appear like a striated muscle
Stria terminalis running to the floor of the body of the lateral ventricle.
Basal striations are seen in kidney tubules and certain intralobular salivary ducts.
There is stria vascularis of cochlear duct
There are serious allegations in the report.
An urethral stricture causes obstruction to urination
Stricture of urethra causes retention of urine.
An expiratory stridor
Stridor is sign found in some respiratory disease due to upper air way obstruction
Stridulation in certain larvae of beetles is due to modified hind legs.
stridulent found duing snoring.
It was really difficult to strike a bargain with the Chinese counterpart.
I have a requirement of extracting a string data from a line.
Whether you need to store a single letter or the entire text of a book, SQL Server has a string data type for you.
Due to stringency in financial resources has led to postponement of some projects.
In the absence of adequate forex inflow a stringency in the money market was noticed.
String variables can be used wherever strings are expected, such as file names and keyword parameters.
A tracheal wall stripe
Chest X ray shows a tracheal wall stripe.
Regular periodical interest is paid on stripped security.
Strobilus are reproductive plant organ like pine cone.
A brain stroke causes due to haemorrege in the brain.
Brain stroke causes paralysis
The stroma of ovary consists of spindle shaped cells.
Stroma, the apposite of parenchyma.
A gastrointestinal stromal tumor is a type of tumor that is commonly found in the GI tract
Goods of strong consumer preference are sold quickly in the market.
Strong growth of economy has helped generation of employment opportunity.
The stronglyoid bursa are located laterally in male strongyloid nematode.
Access to strong room is limited to the concerned staff only.
Strongyloides infect the humans by feco - oral route.
Stropulus is produced due to the hypersensitivity of food, drugs etc.
It may not be possible to move struck goods from the factory.
Histopathology shows structural changes in the organ.
Structural formula shows the arrangement within the molecule of atoms and bonds
Through structural transformation of the organisation effective management may be possible.
The structure of bone in female.
Denture - supporting structure found in the mouth.
With structured coding, we can exploit and remove the structural redundancy from the sound.
Build a Structured Program.
The concept of structured programming started in the late 1960 's with an article by Edsger Dijkstra.
There are many financial advisor firm which provide structured risk management solution.
Struma is found in cervical tuberculous lymphadenitis.
Struma of thyroid gland is called as goitre.
Strumectomy is done to avoid the complicatins in the body.
Strumiform structure of bronchocele is found.
salmonella typhosa is one of the cause of strumitis.
There is a strumous disease of the thyroid gland.
Grafting of strut of tibial bone in place of metacarpal.
Excessive consumption of stritchnia can causes convulsions in human.
Strychnine poisoning causes Strychnomania and is a sign arise from central nervous system stimulation.
Stubble affects the quality of grain.
Stubby root nematode generally cause harm to turfgrasses.
The parent network and the stub network are separated by a router.
Please send the names of bright students for scholarship after identifying them
An analytical, research studies.
Stump is left after amputation.
Stump is a remaining body part.
Patient stunned due to brain trauma.
In human stunted growth may occur due to malnutrition.
Stunt nematode are ectoparasitic to plant.
Stupe is applied to the surface to produce counterirritation.
Stupefacient, capable of inducing a state of stuporous analgesia.
Stupefaction is a state of some disease.
Opium and opium like compounds are stupefying drugs.
Stupemania is a mental symptom caused by strychnine poisoning..
A stupor condition found in typhoid fever patient.
A depressive stupor in which the patient is recovered also called benign stupor
Malignant stupor is a condition from which recovery is infrequent,
Stupration is a sexual intercourse by force
Stutter is due to fear and anxiety.
stuttering is normal in children and usually outgrowth if not emphasized by parents.
Stye is abnormal condition removed by surgery.
Stye causes pain at the site.
The style connects stigma and ovary.
Aspen Software of Albuquerque, released the earliest version of a style checker for personal computers, Grammatik, in 1981.
Style sheets may import other style sheets using @ import rules.
The mouthparts of tardigrades and aphids has been modified to function as stylet.
In Tylenchida the stylet aperture is short.
Stylet borne viruses are non - persistent.
In Dorylaimoidea various basal developments of stylets are derived from stylet extension.
Stylet nematode are plant parasitic nematodes.
Styloid process of radius, styloid process of temporal bone is found on the bone
Stylomastoid is a anatomical structure present on temporal bone.
A male stylops move between hosts.
Stylus is used for writing, marking.
Stylus is used for external application; e. g., a medicated bougie,
Can I clean the nozzles on an Epson Stylus printer?
Stype is used to stop bleeding.
A styptic drug or substance is used to stop the bleeding through body part.
Styptic like alum, ferrous sulphate or tannnic acid are used to stop te bleeding.
There is subcutaneous tissue.
There is a subacute disease.
There is sub acute bacterial endocarditis.
Mince in sub acute inflammation is different from that in acute inflammation.
Subacute toxicity study on the drug.
There is a Subarachnoid Haemorrhage
Subarachnoid space contains cerebrospinal fluid.
The concha or pinna of the ear is subaurical structure.
Subaxillary ganglion is abnormal tissue growth.
Subbaxillary lymph nodes are enlarged due to bacterial infection.
Sub - branch open only on certain days in a week and transact limited business.
A Java class may be either a subclass, a superclass, both, or neither.
A sub - clause has been added to the amended Act under clause 6.
There is a subclavian artery or vein.
Subclavian vein is the direct continuation of the axillary vein
Subclinical is early stage of disease. which doctor can 't diagnose clinicaly
Subclinical infection of typhoid bascili.
A subconjunctival infection.
A subconjunctival haemorrhage. found after injury
A patient is sub conscious after injury.
Subconsciousness is symptom present in some disease.
Subcortex of the brain is a anatomical structure.
subcortical arteriosclerotic encephalopathy is called as binswanger disease.
Subcosta is a second principal longitudinal vein in insects.
subcostal angle is found in the rib cage
The subcrystalline layer is made of waxy material.
Subculture method is used to prolong the life of a particular strain where there is a tendency to degeneration in older cultures.
A subcutaneous infection.
Insulin injection is given subcutaneous.
Anasarca is generalised subcutaneous edema
Subcutaneous flap is used for transplantation,
Hypoderm is a subcutaneous tissue.
Subcuticular blood and lymphatic vessels, nerves are found.
Subcutis is layer of skin
The totals of sub - day book are merged into the main day book.
The totals of sub - day book are merged into the main day book.
You can redirect a subdomain to a subdirectory by using this sample code.
Sub - division of holdings is generally not permitted in revenue records.
The subdued tendency in the market may continue for some time more.
Subdural haemorrhage is found due to head injury.
The arachnoid is tenuously attached to the dura and a naturally occurring subdural space is not present. in healthy person.
subendocardial branches of atrioventricular bun is found in the heart.
Subendothelial layer is found in the intima of arteries.
subendothelium causes platelet aggregation and coagulation of blood
There is subepithelial connective tissue.
Cork cells are lined by suberin.
Suberization leads to the formation of suberin.
Sub - family taxonomic rank falls between a family and a genus.
subfascial prepatellar bursa is a anatomical strucutre.
Subfrontalgyrus is situated at anterior side of the brain
Subgeneric name is placed between the generic and specific name.
Structure of subgenital plate.
subhepatic abscess is found.
Sub - lesse is admissible in certain specified circumstances only.
Subinfection occurring in one exposed to and successfully resisting an epidemic of another infectious disease.
Subinvolution is a medical condition in which after childbirth, the uterus does not return to its normal size.
Clinical survey of anemia is subject of research.
Subject is the object of research, treatment, experimentation, or dissection.
Subject bid is generally not considered.
Appetite is subjective.
Subjective cost may not present a time assessment.
Pain is subjective symptom.
Subjective vertigo is a symptom perceived by patient
There is sublation of prostate gland due to enlargement.
Sub - lease is admissible in certain specified circumstances only.
Mercuric chloride is a corrosive sublimate.
Mercuric chloride is obtained by sublimation.
Superfacial touch is subliminal
Subling species are morphologically nearly identical but reproductively isolated.
Sorbitrate tablet is kept Sublingual to reduce chest pain.
Some medicines are given sublingual.
Anatomical variations of the sublingual fossa may invite lingual alveolar bone perforation.
The sublingual gland regarded as one internal salivary gland.
There is subluxation of temporomandibular joint
There is subluxation of shoulder joint.
There is a submandibular salivary gland.
Sub - manufacturing account may be kept for some special purpose.
Sub - marginal farmers have very small land holdings.
Submaxilla has submaxillary gland.
Submaxillaritis is due to injury.
There is a submaxillary gland.
Submaxillary fossa approach to deep pus in the neck.
Submaxillary gland is submandibular gland.
Submental edema is found due to injury.
The practice of sub - mortgage is an acceptable practice in lending operations.
The rights of sub - mortgagee are recorded by way of a charge in the relevant registers.
There is a tunica submucosa of testes.
Intestinal glands are submucous glands.
Quickly compute IP subnet information.
The subnet calculator calculates the subnet address.
Subnormal condition of a patient is found.
Subnormal accomodation causes the infective diseases.
The subnucleus caudalis serves as the principal brainstem relay site for orofacial pain
A simple method of applying sub - Nyquist sampling techniques to digital coding of color video signals is described.
A suboccipital headache is symptom
There is suboperculum in the brain
Subordinated loan may be a loan given by the directors or arranged from bank.
Subpericardial hemmorhage is complication of open heart surgey.
Liver is subperitoneal organ in the abdomen.
Subpoena is given to the offender.
An apparatus for recognizing a subroutine call is disclosed.
In computer science, Subroutine library is a collection of standard programs and subroutines used to develop software.
Subscapular skinfold is a anatomical structure.
To subscribe a new issue of shares one has to complete a prescribed form and deposit the defined sum of money.
Subscribed capital is shown in the balance sheet separately.
The subscriber has agreed to purchase stated number of shares at a stated price.
Subscription gives. the directions for compounding.
The sub - section has to be read with the main section of the document.
subsequent cases can be heared now.
Serous glands are located at subserous area in the body.
Fever subsides due to treatment.
Subsidence is a prosthetic component of a total joint implant.
Appendix is subsidary organ in the abdomen.
A subsidiary bank is governed and guided by the policies framed by the controlled bank.
To totals of subsidiary book are transferred to the main book at a periodical interval.
Subsidiary cell differs in structure from other epidermal cells.
The controlling company appoints its own directors on the board of subsidiary company.
Totals of subsidiary general ledger account are transferred to the main general ledger for consolidation.
The subsidiary money is not the primary source of funding.
The subsidiary money is not the primary source of funding.
Certain special conditions are attached to the loan granted on subsidized rate.
A special subsidy to small farmers is available upto loan of Rs. 10, 000 / -
Government provide subsistence grant to invalid / elderly people who do not have any family support.
Subsistence level depends on the needs and surroundings in which one is living.
Subsistence of contract depends on compliance of the terms of contract.
The differences between subspecies are less distinct.
Physical science laboratory is in Pune.
A central gray substance present in the brain.
A chemical substance is used as a medicine.
There is a substance of lens of eye
Provision for substandard in banks is required to be made at a prescribed rate.
Provision for substandard in banks is required to be made at a prescribed rate.
substantia alba is anatomical structure found in the brain.
those regions of the brain and spinal cord that are largely or entirely composed of nerve fibers is a substantia alba.
Gray matter contains nerve cell bodies as well as nerve fibers.
Banks try to obtain security against advances / loan which if disposed of may prove to be substantial security.
The substantia nigra is involved in the metabolic disturbances associated with Parkinson disease and Huntington disease.
There is a substantia propria corneae
The employees are given dearness allowance according to their substantive pay.
The Army has to fill 8000 substantive posts of javans.
There is substernal angle
Substitute goods may be purchased from the local market at lower cost.
Substitute name consists of the first and second words of the species.
Product substitute will be promoted.
Issues of cloning and other forms of substitution of human body parts.
On substrate microorganisms and cells grow in cell culture.
Substring is a sequence of successive characters within a string in programming language.
Create a new substring search filter with the provided information.
The metal framework which is embedded into, bone for the purpose of supporting an implant denture superstructure.
Subsultus tendinum is observed in certain febrile condition.
Subtarsal Foreign Body causes pain in the eye.
A sub - tenant in a housing society cannot be introduced without permission of the society.
A bud can displaced subtending leaf.
subtendinous calcaneal bursitis is caused by repeated trauma to the heel.
Subthalamus is a part of the basal ganglia system.
How can I set the search scope to the entire subtree in this powershell script.
The most common nail fungus infection, distal subungual onychomycosis, is caused by dermatophytes.
Sub - urban branch conducts all banking business.
Inflammation in the surrounding vein is possible due to sub - vaginal space infection.
The subventions are granted for some special purpose.
Subvolution is done to prevent adhesions.
the effusion overlies the periosteum due to succedaneumcaput
The succenturiate placenta is a morphological abnormality
A pulse succession in person indicates normal function of the heart.
Succession is a gradual change in the ecological community.
A succession certificate can be issued by a competent court after following prescribed procedure.
The succession duty is levied at a prescribed rate.
Succulent are adapted to arid climate.
There is succus entericus.
Succus entericus is alkaline nature secreted by the small intestinal gland.
Succus gastricus is digestive juice.
Succusion is done to detect the presence of fluid in the body cavity by listening for a splashing sound.
Baby suck the milk from the breast of mother
Sucker arises from a plant root.
A sucker is an organ that is specialized in suction.
Mosquito are blood sucking insect.
Mother suckle the baby.
A suckling state of child.
suckling by the newborn baby.
Sucrose is a nonreducing sugar.
Sucrose is the common sweetener, used in pharmacy in the manufacture of syrup, confections
Sucrosemia in untreated celiac disease is found
Sucrosuria following an oral sucrose load is found.
Some organism adhere to the substace by suction pressure.
Sudamina is caused by excessive sweating.
Sudation is done by steam
Sudomotor dysfunction is found in some diabetic patient.
Sudor anglicus is a english sweating disease.
Atropine injection inhibit sudoral secretions
sudoriferous abscess is a collection of pus in a sweat gland.
To produce a sweat, a sudorific herb tea must be drunk hot; the hotter the drink, the more vigorous the sweat.
Sudoriparous glands are present in the skin.
Sudorosis is a symptom of heart attack
Prepared suet formerly used in pharmacy in making ointments.
Food should be sufficient quantum for health.
Suffix notation is a way of writing algebraic expressions in which the numbers precede the operation.
In computer science, Suffix tree is a data structure which presents the suffixes of a given string.
In computer science, Suffix trie is a data structure which presents the suffixes of a given string.
Suffocate by smoke due to the fire
A suffocation due to smoke on the room causes death.
Suffocation due to inhalation of noxious gases.
Suffocative goitre causes suffocation due to pressure on the trachea.
Conjunctival suffusion in hemorrhagic fever is found
A reducing sugar present in the urine.
Sugar is mainly sucrose, lactose, and fructose characterized by a sweet flavor.
Sugar are mainly disaccharide.
Sugar of milk used in modified milk preparation,
Suggestibility in which an idea is induced into, or adopted by, an individual without argument, command, or coercion.
The effect of the suggestible attitude of the body, as produced by pleasure, is increased by certain other effects which pleasure produces on the body.
There is hypnotic suggestion to a person.
Hypnotic suggestion is given by doctor. or hypno therapist.
Suggestion auto is abnormal mental condition.
There is postmortem suggillation.
Suicide due mental harassment.
There is sucide due to un employment.
The TCP / IP suite of protocols includes FTP and Telnet.
A regular follow - up in respect of suit filed account may be ensured.
An olfactory sulcus of nasal cavity
There is a sulcus for vena cava
Sulcus centralis is located on the lateral surface of each cerebral hemisphere at the boundary between frontal and parietal lobes.
Sulcus circularis demarcating the insula from the opercula above, below,
Sulcus intertubercularis lodging the tendon of the long head of the biceps.
Sulcus intraparietalis divides the parietal lobe into superior and inferior parietal lobules in the brain.
Sulcus lunatus is a half mooms shaped sulcus.
sulcus olfctorius is due to olfactory nerve.
There is inner and outer sulcus spiralis
There is superior and inferior temporal sulcus.
Sulcus tympanicus is found in middle ear.
There is acid sulphate, codeine sulphate, active, and iron sulphate etc.
Hydrogen sulphide is also very corrosive (both in water and in the air).
Sulpher powder is used for bile salt examination in the urine.
Sulphur is used to treat rheumatism, gout, and bronchitis, and externally in the treatment of skin diseases.
sulfuring of fruit is harmful to the health.
Automatic summarization does shortened version of a text by a computer program.
Tell me how to summarize this?
A summary review is in the appendix.
Summary account may be sent to the customer as requested by him.
The information on summary balances is required for preparing final account.
Summary powers are to be used with utmost judicious manner.
The Summary Report is an ideal resource for anyone who wants to understand the purpose to make the software.
Cholera has discharges from the bowels are similar to those of ordinary summer cholera,
Summer diarrhoea is caused by shegella and salmonella bacteria.
The diameter of the summer wood is greater than spring wood.
Details of sum of money should be recorded in the deposit slip.
Sum total of all expenditure incurred on entertainment may be informed for the year 2009 - 10.
Sun burn is a abnormal condition on the skin.
Sundry assets have been shown under one head in the balance sheet.
Sundry charges account is a major head where all unspecified expenditure can be booked.
Sundry creditors are shown as a liability item in the balance sheet.
The total of all sundry debtors are shown as a current assets in the balance sheet.
All small type of deposits are clubbed together and shown under one head in the balance sheet.
Blisters on skin is one of the symptom of sunfever
Sun flower oil is used for cooking foods.
Sunhemp increases the soil fertility.
There is no chance to recoup the sunk capital.
Sunrise industry has opened up doors for vast employment opportunities.
The sun set clause refer to the fact that after expiry of the period things cannot be carried forward.
It may not be possible nor advisable to revive the sunset industries.
Sunshine is useful for vitamin D formation in the human.
Sunshine countries provide better living facilities to their citizens.
Sunstroke is acute illness caused by the excessive exposure to the sun.
Death may occur in some people due to sunsstroke.
Sun sroke if not treated early causes death.
Head is located superior of the body.
Superacute pain in the abdomen due to urinary calculus.
Superalimentation is used in the treatment of wasting diseases.
Contributions to superannuation fund are required to be made every month.
Linux users may receive an incorrect or bad super block error message when attempting to mount a drive disk drive improperly.
The superciliary arches are more prominent in monkeys than in humans
Supercilium protects eye from sweat entering straight in to eye.
PARAM Yuva is the latest supercomputer in the series of C - DAC 's supercomputers which uses a high - speed 10 gigabits per second.
Higher density superconducting memory has been designed.
Super family falls between a family and an order.
An unusual type of twinning is Heteropaternal Superfecundation.
A superficial and deep fascia is present on the muscle.
There is superficial and deep fascia in the body.
Superficial fascia is found in the subcutis in most regions of the body, blending with the reticular layer of the dermis.
Superficial necrosis is due to frostbite in an elite athlete
The abdominal or cremasteric reflex is superficial reflex.
Superfetation due to the impregnation of two ova liberated at successive periods of ovulation; an obsolete concept.
Superfrotal gyrus is anatomical structure in the brain.
An angry man is superheated condition of man
There is a superior tracheostomy
A superior quality of doctor.
superior part of the pharynx is a anatomical structure.
GM crops gives superior quality of food.
The superior body of legislatures will review the draft bill.
By fixing superior limit no more extensions of time be allowed.
Superior traceostomy is done in the respiratory failure.
What is the difference between primary key and super key?
Super marginal purchases were necessiated due to urgent need.
There is supermotility of sperm in the semen.
Supernumerary teeth are present in 2% population.
Supernumerary teeth are the teeth present in addition to the normal set of teeth.
There are 10 supernumerary posts in the office.
Superparasitism leads to high brood sizes.
Due to heavy demand in the market the producers in milk product are making super profit.
A drawback of Superscalar Architecture is that a large penalty is incurred when a miss in the trace - cache occurs.
Superscription usually denoted by the sign Rx..
To super code a person in promotion a process has to be followed.
In supersession of earlier circular a new circular was issued.
There is Implant denture superstructure
The super tax is imposed on income over Rs. 50 Lakh per year.
Supertemporal gyrus is anatomical structure present in the brain.
He is the super user on this system.
In this talk we compare the performance of ten supervised learning methods.
Supervision of loans has been entrusted to the field supervisor.
Supervisor has the knowledge and skills to provide the same service as those being directed.
I read your mail that there is an opening in your company for the position of "Site Supervisor".
You can use the Supervisor Call instruction (SVC) to enter Supervisor mode.
I am trying to switch from user mode to supervisor mode.
Entering supervisor state and executing certain macros requires special authorization for a program in the z / TPF system.
Supervisory body has been constituted for branch inspection.
Supination of the forearm and foot.
Patient is examined in the supine position.
Abdominal surgery has been done in supine position.
The latest amendment in the Consumer Act have been provided as supplement to the book.
Supplement are used to improve the nutritional value of food.
A supplemental air in the lung
Supplementary budget was passed by the parliament.
Supplementary credit limits are for a period of six months only.
Supplementary debits have been advised to the account holder.
Supplementary demand will be placed before the committee before sanction.
Based on supplementary estimate funds for rural development have been augmented.
Supplentary food is useful for healthy body.
Supplementary grant has been approved by the parliament.
Supplementary manifest includes the latest additions of goods.
Supplementary tax rates more proposed in the current budget.
The supplier has agreed to complete the supply order within one week.
A suppliers account is an agreed arrangement between the supplier and the other party.
Heart supply blood to the body.
The current supply price will remain in force for a period of one year.
Both the parties (seller and buyer) have agreed for the supply schedule.
Supply shocks will dislocate the production schedule.
Supporting services for agricultural operations are provided by the agriculture department of the state government.
Support price for wheat in the current season has been enhanced.
My company has added ten new tech support staff.
Suppository has been used to restrain evacuation of stool in the children.
Suppository after surves as a vehicle for medicine to be absorbed.
Dulcolax suppository is introduced in the rectum to cure constipation in children.
Suppress of stool urge causes constipation.
suppressed menstruation is found in the female above the age of fourty five.
Suppressed inflation may flare up any time.
Suppression of stool urge causes abdominal pain.
Suppression of urine formation in the kidney failure.
Suppression cause undevelopment in some part of organs.
Suppurate is found in the ear infection due to bacteria.
Suppuration is caused by the presencepyogenic bacteria.
Suppuration is caused by pyogenic bacterial infection.
Chronic suppurative otitis media is a disease of ear.
chronic suppurative inflammation of the middle ear is a disease.
suppurative nephritis is the result usually of hematogenic infection by micro - organisms
The specific therpy for suppurative tonsillitis is penicillin or tetracycline.
Suprapubic cystostomy is an emergency and done when patient is not able to pass urine due to some obstruction.
The supra - auricular arterial network is anatomical term.
Suprachoroidal hemorrhage may cause the expulsion of the intraocular contents.
The lamina suprachoroidea of the human choroid was examined by electron microscopy
Ciliary and superciliary hypotrichosis. A distinct autosomal dominant trait.
Supraclavicular lymphadenopathy has the highest risk of malignancy, estimated as 90 percent in patients older than 40 years.
The supracolic compartment lies between the diaphragm and transverse colon and its mesocolon.
supracondylar fracture of humerus is found.
supraglenoid fossa is anatomical structure of scapulla.
The supraglenoid tubercle is a region of the scapula to which the long head of the biceps brachii muscle attaches.
supragranular layer neurons were found in the cerebral cortex of brain
suprahyoid neck spaces is anatomical structure.
Supra - maxilla is long and slender and partially concealed under lachrymal bone when mouth is closed.
There is supramaxillary nerve.
supraoccipital bone is skull bone.
supraorbital nerve, artery, bone is found in anatomy.
suprapleural membrane is a structure found on the lung.
Under supra protest any person not being a party may with the consent of holder may accept the bill.
suprapubic puncture is a procedure done in urine obstruction.
Supra Pubic Cystostomy is the emergency procedure done when patient is not able to pass urine.
Suprapubic Lithotomy is name of surgery.
suprarenal gland, aretery, vein, mass, cortex, medulla is found in anatomy
Suprascapular nerve, artery, notch is anatomical structure of scapulla bone.
supraspinal ligament is a anatomical structure.
There is suprasternal notch
The supravaginal portion of the cervix is separated in front from the bladder by fibrous tissue.
Supraventricular tachycardia is one type of heart rhythm disorder.
Supravesical hernia is a possible cause of intestinal obstruction
The supraorbital foramen lies directly under the eye brow.
Sura is the muscular posterier portion of the lower leg.
There is Sural nerve, artery, and flap I anatomy.
For collecting additional resources government on occasions levy surcharge on tax.
Surdity may be congenital or acquired.
Surdomute condition may be genetic or congenital.
In case of bank loan a surety undertakes to make good the loss in case of default.
You can surf via mobile phones also.
The inner surfae of each tooth is called as oral surface.
Burning sensation on surface of skin due to contact with fire.
A surfactant is released by the alveolar cells of the lung and serves to maintain the stability of pulmonary tissue.
Artifital surfactants may be given endotracheally to relive respiratory distress.
Anonymous surfing is simply browsing the internet with most of your identity hidden.
Suergon treats disease, injury, and deformity by operation or manipulation.
Surgeon treats disease, injury, and deformity by operation or manipulation.
Surgery is the performance or procedures of an operation.
Surgery concerned with the treatment of disease, injury, and deformity by physical operation or manipulation.
surgical instruments are used in surgery.
Surgical emphysema frequently seen after carbon dioxide insufflation during laproscopic procedures.
Surplus budget is welcomed by common man.
Surplus cash may be remitted by the branch to head office.
Surplus country is net exporter to many other countries.
Surplus holdings can be acquired by the government.
Banks do not got adequate business in areas surplus in banking coverage.
The surplus produce of wheat is utilised for creating a reserve stock.
Surplus stores which are not needed may be disposed of early.
Surplus stores which are not needed may be disposed of early.
Surplus value of the asset may be transferred to reserves.
Make aware of the after effects of surprise check
The effects of surprise visit is * * *
Surrender value of a policy for initial three years may be practically nil.
Some womens are becoming a surrogate mother
Sursanure may causes delay in wound healing
Surtax is generally levied on high bracket income earners.
Immunological surveillance controlls disease.
Field survey was done for collection of data.
Different mathematical techniques are used for survey.
A qualified person should only be engaged as a surveyor.
The survey report of the villages in the area will help formulating viable schemes for the poor.
Some people get survival from swine flue.
Survival value has to be assessed by a qualified person.
Survival value has to be assessed by a qualified person.
Surviving partner will notify the death of the deceased partner.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis has susceptibility to high altitude, or ambient temperature.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis has more suceptibility for high altitude, or ambient temperature.
Identification of genes involed in an infectious disease susceptibility.
People with chronic respiratory conditions more susceptible to irritation.
In air pollution dust particles are suspended in the air.
suspended animation caused especially by asphyxia causes loss of consciousness resembling death,
An order to suspend payment has to be endorsed by the competent court in case of insolvency.
Entries from suspense account are adjusted to the proper account after identifying the nature of transactions.
Breath suspension (the practice of Pranayama) stimulates the vagus nerve fibers and the vagal center in the medulla obligata.
Suspension of clearing may be revoked soon.
The suspensor forces the embryo into the endosperm.
Suspensory ligament describes any ligament that supports a body part
Suspensory bandage used for supporting the scrotum and its contents.
Suspensory ligament holds the lens of eye in place.
Suspiration is done by some one during convesation.
Sustainable growth in economy will enhance employment opportunities all around.
Due to sustained slide in the share market investors are staying away from the market.
Sustentaculum tail is support of the talus
Sutura is used to sew parts of the living body.
Flat skull bones are joined with a sutural ligament.
Suturation is done for to unite, to close or secure dammaged living body part.
Suture of injury or suture of wound is done in the operation.
Sutures, or stitches, are the most commonly used method to fix a cut or wound.
Bones in the head region are joined by suture.
After any operative procedure skin is sutured in layers.
Swab is used for applying or removing a substance from a surface.
A throat swab is taken for the diagnosis of swine flue.
Swab is used for applying or removing a substance from a surface.
Swallow of medicinal tablet during illness.
Food is moved from the mouth to the stomach by swallowing.
If it is a new request, we can swap in all new versions of classes used in the flow.
The Linux memory manager limits the size of each swap area to 127. 5 MB.
The swap agreement involve simultaneous buying and selling of something.
The swap agreement involve simultaneous buying and selling of something.
Swap operations / transactions are largely performed by major international companies or authorised bank.
Swap out your laptop 's hard disk for a spiffy new SSD.
You can increase swap space adding a new hard drive.
How to setup a diskless swap system?
Swap operations / transactions are largely performed by major international companies or authorised bank.
A swarm of insects moving towards the light.
The field was swarming with bees.
Sweat occurs after heavy exercise. or excessive sweat is sign of some disease.
sweat is normal excretary function of the skin.
Night sweat occurrs in pulmonary tuberculosis with low grade fever.
Sweated labour is an exploited lot.
People do not like to enter into sweated trades these days.
Sweat glands are widely distributed all over the skin except palm of hand and foot.
Sweat gland secrete the sweat to enable evaporative cooling in a hot environment, or in response to emotion.
Sweating sickness, also known as the "English sweate" was a mysterious and highly virulent disease
Bye one - get one free is a sweatner to buy more during sale.
The effect of stimulus on the sweep motion.
Sweet lime resembles lemon.
Sweet pea is an annual climbing plant.
Swelling of bank liquidity indicates that credit demand is not adequate.
swine flue is tranmitted by swine in human.
The semiconductor switch (transistor) performs the same function as an on / off light switch on the wall.
An arrangement is disclosed for providing switched access to a packet - based network.
Since the amount of data is high, the terminal uses a 64 kbit / s circuit switched connection.
Currently Switched Multimegabit Data Services (SMDS) operates at 1. 544 Mbit / s or 44. 736 Mbit / s.
In a fully switched network, switches replace all the hubs of an Ethernet network with a dedicated segment for every node.
Switched virtual circuits are normally implemented in connection - oriented systems such as the analog telephone network and ATM networks.
You can make a much better switching circuit with sensors connected to a suitable IC (chip).
Switching device is an electric device designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by overload or short circuit.
A switching function allows to handle discrete events in integration problems.
A network is public in the sense that many company share a switching network.
In switch mode, the switching speed of the DS2712 battery charger varies based on inductor selection, charge current, and battery voltage.
Switching theory and logic design provide mathematical foundations and tools for digital system design that is an essential part in the research and development in almost all areas of modern technology.
A character of a character set is a switching variable.
In Computer science, Switch off means to turn off the system or computer in an orderly manner.
Switch over of selected employees has to be done in the next phase
When the Load Address key is depressed, the contents of the switch register are transferred into the PC.
Switch trading has been an old concept.
Swooning can occur due to hunger.
The symbiosis may be mutualistic, commensal, or parasitic in nature.
In symbiotic relationship both the organism are different biological species.
symbol of healing tattoo is found.
A symbolic address has two parts, a symbol and an integer offset.
Symbolic addressing makes it possible to work with symbols (e. g. MOTOR _ ON) in place of addresses.
Delivery of bill of lading is a symbolic delivery.
Load the Symbolic Editor using the Basic Binary Loader.
The human readable format could be symbolic instruction language or some kind of programming language.
All modern programming languages are symbolic languages.
Symbolic link is used to allow a variety of sources to point to a common destination.
Symbolic logic is usually divided into two subfields, propositional logic and predicate logic.
Use the. xxxx prefix subcommand to assign a symbolic name to a line.
Symbolic notation scheme represents permissions as a series of 10 characters where the first character "-" indicates the file type.
He is good in symbolic programming in JAVA.
There is a symbolism of body parts
A compiler may use one large symbol table for all symbols or use separated, hierarchical symbol tables for different scopes.
The body of a human is symmetrical.
Many animals shows radial symmetry.
There is sympathetic nervous system in the human body.
sympathetic nerve pain is found in some patient.
sympathetic nerve supply to eye is found.
Symphysis is a type of cartilaginous joint.
Diastasis symphysis pubis is the separation of normally joined pubic bones, as in the dislocation of the bones, without a fracture.
High fever is a symptom of flu.
symptomatic treatment is given in some viral diseases
Symptomatology has study of symptoms of disease.
Symptomatology in psychiatary is found.
Symptomatology guides us about the symptoms of many diseases.
Poland 's symptom complex: A unique pattern of one - sided malformations that are present at birth.
Diagnosis of disease is done on the basis of symptom.
Syncarpous flowers have fused carpels.
Syncarpy is found in most of the angiosperms.
The synchondrosis is found in sternocostal joint
Process synchronization primitives are commonly used to implement data synchronization.
JCOM Clock Synchronizer keeps the system time accurate on your computer.
A high reliability, high resolution synchronizing signal distribution technique has been developed.
The interval between transmitting A and B is the same as between B and C, and completing the current operation before the next one is started are considered synchronous operations.
What should be the distance of a synchronous satellite from the center of the Earth if its new period is 30 days?
In Synchronous transfer mode, the program displays a dialog box that shows the transfer progress.
A postural syncope causes due to orthostatic hypotension.
Cardiac causes of syncope can be fatal
Syncope Anginosa can be caused by effort.
syncopic attack may be due to abnormality in brain or heart.
The contractile units of muscles are myofibers, which consist of elongated fully differentiated syncytial cells.
Syncytioma may be malignant found in uterus.
One thing that distinguishes the heart from other muscles is that the heart muscle is a "syncytium.
One of the banks known as lead bank takes initiative in processing / sanctioning syndicated loan facilities.
Syndication of commercial interests is against the common interest of consumers.
Syndrome is found in aids. e. g. acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Syndrome is a sign of a disease.
By synergy performance is improved and cost benefits are achieved.
Synonym denote the same taxonomic group.
Synopsis is submitted to the university through the authorised body by research student.
Synopsis statement indicate what is inside the book or the brochure.
There is a synostosis of the spine
Syntax analysis is done by the parser.
We have developed a syntax analyzer for Hindi language.
SYNGEN is a syntax diagram drawing tool.
It is a syntax directed compiler for ALGOL 60.
A program will not compile until all syntax errors are corrected.
This syntax graph shows the connections between the different morphemes / words from the input sentence.
There is a syntaxis of joint in the body..
In order to use the Plugin, just select the syntax language from the drop down list.
Draw a syntax tree.
There is synthesis of Insulin in the pancreas.
Synthesis report has to be examined by a high level committee.
A synthetic cell that can replicate itself
Comparison of natural diet with synthetic diet.
No delivery etc. is involved in synthetic future.
Synthetic insecticide may be harmful to living things.
Syringe is used for injecting liquid medicine or withdrawing fluids,
Syringe is used for intramuscular, intravenous injection.
Syringectomy is done to treat the fistula.
A cough syrup used to cure cough
A lemon syrup made up of suger, lemon juice, and water used for drinking as a energetic.
A cough syrup is used to treat cough.
ABO blood group system, Metric system.
A digestive system. respiratory system. etc are the systems which performs structure and function of the body.
Threre is a respiratory system.
A human body is made of many system.
He is a system administrator in this company.
IBM Dynamic System Analysis collects and analyzes system information to aid in diagnosing system problems.
Systems analysts require a balanced mix of business and technical knowledge.
There is a systematic respiration found in human.
Systematic botany is the study of taxonomy of plants.
Transmitting data with a checksum is a type of systematic code.
Systematics deals with the study of the relationships among organism.
Systematics deals with the study of the relationships among organism.
Systematics deals with the study of the relationships among organism.
Better results can be obtained by conducting systematic survey.
systematized nomenclature of medicine is found.
An arcade system board is a dedicated computer system created for the purpose of running video arcade games.
System bords are also used in many other electronics devices such as mobile phones, stop - watches, clocks etc.
System bus bandwidth is extremely important in modern PCs.
Is it possible to save the return value of system call to a variable.
System capacity is provided by generators, transmission lines, distribution networks and load management.
This is a complete system chart of English to Hindi Machine Translation system.
After you enable JavaScript in your browser, relaunch the System Check.
Execute the system command.
Write a system definition for this program / software / project.
ASP platform based business intelligence system design structure is shown here.
He is working as a system designer in this company.
There is requirements for electronic based quality system documentation.
The purpose of system engineering is to support organizations that desire improved performance.
I tried a lot but could not get the system error.
See the system file extensions and their associated file formats.
A system flowchart explains how a system works using a diagram.
They have developed system generation and maintenance functions for this safety system.
He is a good system hacker.
This system handbook provides you with the latest support information for Microsoft 's system products.
systemic lupus erythematosus is auto immune disease.
Systemic and local medicinal uses are found.
Systemically important economics understands social issues and collective behaviour.
Piecemeal solutions to systemic crisis may not help much.
Systematic deficiencies are to be looked into by the experts and remedial measures suggested.
Systematic risk factors may be evaluated before deciding a system.
For installation, follow the system instructions.
System integrators generally have to be good at matching customers needs with existing products.
The system interface incorporates four analog data inputs that can be read by the computer via the GSIOC.
The user can create a new system library or use any existing system library.
The phases in the system life cycle are interactive and iterative throughout the program development activity.
On the system loader screen, click on program unit.
System Log is typically used for computer system management and security auditing.
System maintenance will be carried out on Saturday.
This arrangement reduces system interactions and improves system modularity.
Double entry system is a commonly used system of accounts in most of the business organisations.
My company is looking for a system operator.
If the player is not working properly you can change the default system output device.
Bitlocker requires a separate, unencrypted system partition for booting.
When you install your Microsoft Office 2007 system program, you are prompted to type or paste in the 25 - character Product Key.
My company offers system programming, embedded operating system designing and developing.
You can change your system prompt.
For updation of your system Windows Installer requires a system restart.
The purpose of Systems Application Architecture (SAA) was to enable the development of interoperable software on different platforms and operating systems.
The subject of systems development methodology has always been one of acute interest to system management professionals.
My company provides online services for network and system security.
The following functions are used with system shutdown.
System software is closely related to, but distinct from Operating System software.
System software is a set of coded instructions to perform a desired sequence of operations.
The main package is the system software package, which provides the basic functionality of the router.
Write a system specification for this program / software / project.
In mainframe environments, systems programmers generally have considerably higher salaries than application programmers.
VTAM provides the support for the Systems Services Control Point (SSCP) function defined in SNA.
System testing should be performed by testers who are trained to plan, execute, and report on application and system code.
In which system table I can found that how many cursors are currently open in the database?
The tick timer task is a system task that is executed on every timer tick interrupt.
A system terminal that depends on the host computer for its processing power is called a thin client.
When you install your Microsoft Office 2007 system utility, you are prompted to type or paste in the 25 - character Product Key.
Run Windows Backup system utility program to perform backup procedures.
There is a systolic blood pressure.
Systolic Murmur is found in heart due to structural abnormality.
The normal Systolic Pressure is 120 mm of mecury.
systolic thrill one felt over the precordium during systole in aortic stenosis, pulmonary stenosis, and ventricular septal defect
The tab command doesn 't focus the tab' s page content after switch to a tab.
An examination Table is used for examination of patient.
Table is used for ready reference..
In relational database management systems, all information is stored in the form of tables.
To get the value of a table function for some argument, call the table function.
When you use a table look - up, data is copied from the lookup table to the current (target) table.
This is a simple console application that can be scheduled to create CSV files with table space used data.
One table spoon is equal to 15 mililiters.
Tablet contains medicinal substances with or without suitable diluents.
A graphics tablet consists of a flat surface upon which the user may "draw" an image using a pen - like drawing apparatus.
Some drugs are taboo by government due to its hazards.
This function sorts a multidimensional tabular array by one or more columns.
Use of national tabular standard are advised to be followed.
It is easy to study a tabular / tabulated statement.
Tachanid fly adult was being identified by the biologist.
Tachycardia is a sign of heart disease, fever, aneamia or after exercises.
Tachypnoea is a sign of anxiety, fever and some diseases.
Tactile system is a part of nervous system.
the body of the insect Is seen to be covered with tactile hair.
Sensation received by the body enables the organism to detect the object in contact with the body.
Taenia common name for a tapeworm
Taeniacide is a medicine used to cure from taenia infection.
a cross section of taenidium of the insect was observed by mounting it under the microscope.
leaf extract of tagetes patula was taken for research.
When I want to change my profile, if the tag field is empty, then I can not save all my changes.
Tagged architecture can represent a powerful form of memory protection.
Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) is supported by many systems and is the most commonly used format for scanned images such as photographs.
a body parts of the spider are arranged into form of tagmata.
The human sperm is composed of a head and a tail
the organism was observed to have a small tail which is hairy in nature.
Tailor - made services are generally outsourced.
Tailor - made services are generally outsourced.
Banks may not accept tainted securities against security of loan.
Take home pay is not the criteria for assessing income tax.
Before finalising the report branch manager was advised to take into account the suggestions received from customers.
Take out financing is an arrangement banks can agree on selective basis.
Take over bids are to be studied cautiously before taking a decision.
The deal was finalised at take the offer.
To take up a bill proved a prudent decision.
Take up a bill on its maturity is meeting a liability.
Talc is used in pharmacy as a filter aid, as a dusting powder, and in cosmetic preparations.
Talipes is any deformity of the foot involving the talus.
Google Talk is very popular.
Talk mode has a special set of jargon words, used to save additional typing.
To tally the figures reconciliation of statement is being done.
Tally system trade is adopted when new product is launched.
Talus articulates with the tibia and fibula to form the ankle joint.
Pulp of tamarindus indica is consumed as a fruit.
Tampon is used as a pack in a cavity to restrain hemorrhage, absorb secretions.
Corner tampona is a plug of omentum stuffed into a wound of the stomach.
A tandem office switching system is disclosed which will accommodate both digital and analog signals transmitted in single or multiplexed message form.
Tandem switching allows the route of calls to a hub location prior to the reach of the final destination.
A Tandem system typically consists of four processors, twelve discs, a few hundred terminals and their communications gear.
Tangible assets are generally the fixed assets.
A building offered as security against loan is a tangible security.
Skin of organism plays a vital role of tango receptor.
Hubbard tank is used for therapeutic exercises in a program of physiotherapy.
Tank is used to preseve dead body in the dissection hall
The tank mix is found out to be more popular and effective.
tannin extract from barks are mainly used in industries as tanning agent.
Tantrum is abnormal mental condition, seen especially in children.
The tap may be turned on or off to sell the stock in proper manner.
Tape is used as a tie or suture.
Measuring tape is used to measure body height and width
This is first commercial tape drive for computer data storage.
This is first commercial tape transport for computer data storage.
the cross section of the tapetum was observed to be yellowish brown.
A tape unit is an example of a sequential access method of secondary storage device.
A tape unit is an example of a sequential access method of secondary storage device.
Tape worm causes dyspeptic symptoms in person
Tap period is announced in advance when issue is launched
Tap root system is observed in Carrot.
Government securities are generally available on tap sale.
The tap stock are generally government securities.
Tar is often used in conjunction with the "compress" or "gzip" commands to compress the data.
Tardiness rate is comparatively low.
Tardy payment of compensation is disappointing to the claimant.
The names of the specified files are listed each time they occur in the tar file.
Government has a target to erradicate the leprosy completely.
The computer copies data from the source to the target (or destination).
The plant species is a target of most of the parasitic worms.
The target group for concessional loan facility is small farmers and rural artisans.
The spray was seen to cause death of the target insect.
The broker was advised to sell the share when target price is reached.
Four countries have signed the tariff agreement.
Tariff value is decided on the basis of some norms.
Tarsal bones are present in the foot.
The insect tarsomere was taken as a sample for carrying out the studies.
Tarsus supports the ankle and upper foot.
The tarsus of the insect was observed to be much denser in this type of species.
Whenever you execute a program, the operating system creates a new task for it.
The taskbar is the long horizontal bar at the bottom of your screen.
Task Control Block is a dynamic data structure resident in memory which stores information about each process.
The task force will complete its work within three months.
This is a task management program for Windows.
The Microsoft Task Scheduler is a little FREE tool that comes with your Windows installation and "hides" in the "Control Panel" folder.
Task Struct is a dynamic data structure resident in memory which stores information about each process.
A metallic or sour taste produced by the application of static electricity to the tongue.
Taste bud gives rise to the sense of taste.
New provisions are needed to take care of the tax abatement.
The taxability aspect has been considered while proposing tax in the budget.
Calculate taxable income properly
While revising tax proposal in the current budget taxable capacity of the tax payers has been given due consideration.
Taxable income is arrived at after taking into account certain admissible deductions.
Taxable profits of the company have increased during the last year.
Tax adjustments can be explained by the tax consultant.
Company has prepared a tax amortization schedule.
The tax assessment will differ for everyone.
Taxation is the major source of revenue for the government.
It is possible to bear heavy bail in tax aoidance cases
The tax base has been decided and clarified.
Tax buoyancy has given new confidence to the improvement of economy.
Tax burden should be lessened in case of employed people
Tax capitalisation may be used as a form of assistance to the needy industries.
Ensure tax clearance certificate enclosure along with applocation
Tax clearance on dues certificate has to be produced while submitting application for obtaining licence to export.
He is a tax consultant for government employees.
The tax deducted at source will be considered for tax credit.
Enclose tax credit certificate along with income tax return
The tax declaration has to be done by every citizen
A certificate for tax deducted at source has to be issued by the authority deducting the tax.
Taxing taxed profits would amount to double taxation.
The tax evader can be issued summons by the tax authorities.
Tax evasion come under economic crime
The tax exemption on his income was not clear to him.
Tax exemption benefit has been extended by one more year to the newly established industries.
The tax exemption slab in the current year for individual tax payers has been enhanced.
income from dividend is tax free
Income from agriculture is a tax - free income.
People invest their funds in tax havens abroad.
A tax holiday for five years for the industries set up in backward areas.
A tax practitioner can better explain the tax implication of new tax rules.
A tax practitioner can better explain the tax implication of new tax rules.
Taxing agricultural income is a sensitive issue.
Make appeal to the taxing authority
The taxis that is being observed in various organisms depends on the intensity of the light.
On payment the tax liability is extinguished.
Tax offset is a regular practice in taxation.
The taxon of the plants are to be modified as there are lot of new changes.
The plant taxon is found in the wet areas of the globe.
The plant taxonomic study was carried out by the biologist in detail.
The biologist added a taxonomic category which was being discovered.
The taxonomic character helped the biologist to know in which group the plant belongs.
The biologist had good resonable knowledge on taxonomic distribution.
The seven taxonimic levels of dogs were studied in detail.
The plant taxonomy is mostly spread in the wet parts of the globe.
The plant taxonomy was being modified by the biologists.
The scholars meet or develop a taxonomy of parasitic organisms.
Government announced tax rebate on agro - products.
Reply to the notice received from the tax recovery official
He filed the tax return before the last date.
Tax revenue has shown improved collection over the last one year.
Tax sharing between the states and central government is done on the recommendation of the finance commission.
Tax sharing between the states and central government is done on the recommendation of the finance commission.
Tears lubricates the surface between eyeball and eyelids.
The technical advice has to be followed while erecting the plant.
It is difficult for a common man to understand technical co - efficient.
A presentation on technical data about the product has been arranged.
As per technical feasibility report the project is technically sound.
The farmers were made aware of the technical grade insecticide.
Technical handling of the machine has been demonstrated.
The technical know - how for the product is being outsourced.
A Dictionary of technical terminology on various subject is available on - line.
A Dictionary of technical terminology on various subject is available on - line.
The technical viability of project may be examined before considering loan proposal.
Technician entrepreneur may prove to be more successful in his venture.
fluorescent antibody technique used to test for antigen with a fluorescent antibody
Electrocardiogram is a technique to diagnose the heart disease.
This technique of farming is known to be higly productive.
Techniques of production may be different by different units.
He is a good technocrat.
He is a technocrat from our country.
Techno - economic survey of the area for financing minor irrigation projects has been conducted.
India is planning for technological development.
As a result of technological advancement new areas of research have opened up.
See the definition of technological term in Shabdkosh
He is a well - known technologist from India.
Medical laboratory technology is a branch of medical science used to diagnose the diseases.
Technology intensive economy brings prosperity at a fast pace.
In technology transfer, the control over hardware or software is institutionalized through certain safeguards such as patents, so that rights of the possessor are protected.
This role is undertaken by the techno - structure within a corporation.
Ted rate is generally based on seasonability.
There are thirty two teeth in adult human.
Teeth are used for mastcation of food.
Teething occurs from the age of six month of children
The tegmen of the seed is very thick and dense as compared with other seeds.
The telamon of the organisms is seen to be more flexible.
Telebanking facility is available in this bank.
Tele banking is the maiden concept of banking.
He is working in a telecom company.
He is working in a telecommunication company.
Telecommuting has given many employees a new look, such as a man relaxing in a park while he works using a laptop and wifi.
You are invited to participate in the teleconference with the management on 17 february, 2009.
Teleconferencing is a regular part of the multi - media packages used for distance education delivery and interaction.
Communication has become very less because of telegram
Write telegraphic address in the letter head
Send telegraphic intimation immediately
Quicker and safer * * * * * of funds transfer than the telegraphic transfer have since been invented.
Telegraph masts are put in upland
The death of the telegraph plant was due to extreme cold conditions.
Telex is a telegraphy system that transmits and receives messages in printed form.
Satellite - based telemetry can be potentially used for this purpose.
Nowadays my telephone is out of order.
A fire broke out Sunday morning in a telephone exchange in north Delhi.
The Java Telephony API (JTAPI) supports telephony call control.
Teleprinter - like devices are still used in retail applications where receipts are necessary.
Fax has replaced teleprinter message
Very few people send teleprinter message
Teleprocessing may be divided into two general areas: terminal - to - computer communications and computer - to - computer communications.
Telescope is used to observe stars in the sky.
These days television influences the lives of young children.
Television picture tube is a large vacuum tube with a slightly curved glass surface and translates the received signal into a picture on a luminescent screen.
Television tube is a large vacuum tube with a slightly curved glass surface and translates the received signal into a picture on a luminescent screen.
Teleworking is not practiced in our company.
Send a telex or a telegram.
A teller is authorised to pass and make payment immediately upto certain amount against the withdrawal slip / cheque etc.
Teller 's run is not a usual thing may be on certain exceptional occasions.
Teller 's run is not a usual thing may be on certain exceptional occasions.
The purpose of the Telnet protocol is to provide a fairly general, bi - directional, eight - bit byte - oriented communications facility.
The process of telophase was observed in the plant cells.
Various new species were discovered which belonged to the telotylenchus group.
His violent temper is always talked about.
temperament indicates one 's character or personality predispositions.
A person having good temperament has a good health.
Do not place temperamental employees in customer help desk
Temperate zone is a area between the tropic of cancer and arctic circle.
Human body temprature is measured by clinical thermameter.
Temperature chart is used to record the fever of patient in hospital.
A hot temper tantrum is a condition especially in children if any thing happen against his mind.
The tempo of the work is hampered by the interruptions.
Temporal growth should be examined
Temporal decisions are habitual
The electrodes were mounted on the sides of the temporal fossa.
The temporal gland was seen to be present between the eye and the ear.
Temporal lobe contains a sensory area associate with the organ of hearing.
A temporary loss of concious is called as syncope.
Temporary accommodation is granted to trusted clients.
Temporary advance can be accepted
Get the pre - permission of temporary advance
There is provision for appintment in temporary commission basis in military
Temporary disability of a worker can be tackled.
Temporary injunction has been granted only for a period of three months.
Do not appoint for more than six months in temporary posts
The production is under the temporary restriction.
temporary vacancy will not be filled for the time being
The salary of this job is a temptation.
Presented arguments are not tenable
Prepare for preseting your points with tenacity
The cross section of the plant stem was held using a tenaculum.
The laws governing tenancy are embodied in state laws.
The laws governing tenancy are embodied in state laws.
Tenancy laws have been ammended in the last few days
To make written contract in tenancy is good for all parties
Tenancy is still in use in agricultural sector
tenants have got some rights under tenancy law
Tenants do not have authority over the land
Tenant at will is not a common practice followed.
A tenant farmer is not the owner of the land.
Tenant farming is a common practice in India.
The tendency of the public is to go with the trend.
He has the tendency to walk too much.
A feet is tender due to injury.
Coins are considered as limited legal tender.
Invite tenders for construction of school
Tender box has been kept outside the office
Tender box will be kept during office hours only
The cheque should be tendered for cash on time.
The tenderer has been informed to be present at the time of opening of the tender.
Do not forget to attach draft of ten thousand rupees along with the tender
Tender money has to be deposited in the form of demand draft.
tender money will not be accepted in cash
Tender money can be deposited in the main branch of State Bank
A tenderness of abdomen due to gastritis.
Tender notice was published in all local dailies.
A copy of tender notice has been put on the board also
Any other information about tender rate can be received from the office
Tenders are acceptable for small payments.
The tender samples were sent to the organizations.
Tendon connects the fleshy part of muscle with its bony attachment.
Tendril is like a ringlet of hair,
The tendrils of the plant were observed to be very spongy in nature.
The chowkidar lives in a tenement of the ward
Tenesmus is one of the symptom of dysentry.
The tenets of this philosophy are given here.
The ten 's complement was commonly used in mechanical calculators and is still used in modern computers.
oxygen tent is used to supply a high concentration of oxygen to patient.
These figues are tentative
Six of the tent caterpillar species were seen to occur exclusively in north America.
The travel agency provided a tented accommodation.
A rare type of Tentorial tumor was observed in the individual.
The nature of the tentorial nerve was observed to be same in nature in this two species.
The tentorium of these insect species was found out to be stronger and denser comparatively.
Tent oxygen is used to supply a high concentration of oxygen to patient.
After expiry of tenure the person will become illegal holder of the * * * * *.
On expiry of tenure of office, official accommodation has to be vacated.
Tenure - holder has to vacate the land after expiry of the agreement.
The calculation of tenure of bill is based on the provisions of the relative Act.
The tenure of land may be oral or in writing.
Tenure of office is not four years
The tenure of this post is three years
The tenure of his post is of three years.
Tenure of work has been specified in the tender.
It is not permissible to do other works during tenure of work
Mr. Ramesh has been appointed at a one year tenure post of assistant.
The tephrosia purpurea was found out to be a good medicinal plant.
Teratogenesis occures due to some certain drugs, radiation and intrauterine viral infections.
Teratology is used for classification of malformed conceptuses.
Terdisum endum prefix is used while giving prescription to the patient.
The tergite of the insect was found out to have a plastic appearance.
The muscle of the insect anatomy is seen to be tergocoxal.
The tergopleural muscles were observed to be more relaxed in the organism.
The fibre of the tergosternal muscles were studied in detail.
The color of the tergum was observed to be orange in this type of species.
The term of fixed deposit has been extended by two months.
The acceptance for the term of agreement has been conveyed.
Under long term export - import contract term export credit is provided by banks.
Service will be terminable according to the wish of any of the parties
People prefer to go for a terminable annuity.
A terminable debenture can be repaid after giving notice.
Terminal illness is usually a chronic disease for which there is no known cure.
The just grown bud in the plant is seen to be terminal.
Terminal account is used in special cases.
Some terminal advantages / benefits are paid according to length of service.
The terminal benefits are given to all employees.
Some terminal advantages / benefits are paid according to length of service.
The terminal bud in the plant is observed to be made up of plant as well as leaf components.
The onion is a very good example of a terminal bulb.
Terminal care is taken for the extension of life.
Terminal charges have been terminated in many states
Most of the states have abolished terminal charges.
Provide information about terminal costs
Terminal cost has been little more than the expected.
The terminal cursor is displayed on top of the screen.
HyperTerminal Private Edition is a terminal emulation program capable of connecting to systems through TCP / IP Networks, Dial - Up Modems, and COM ports.
The terminal equipment has to be procured by the subscriber himself from the open market.
The terminal filament was seen to be covered by a layer which had a silky appearance.
The nerves are seen to originate from the terminal ganglionic mass.
Terminal leave is in a bank does not exceed 30 days.
Call Trees can have many terminal Nodes.
Present terminal report in four months interval
We will provide Internet connectivity via Terminal Room.
The terminal segment of the insect was seen to be broader at the base.
Most terminal servers can provide PPP or SLIP services if connected to the Internet.
Terminal tax is loosing its importance.
The structure of the terminal web was seen using a high resolution miscroscope.
The terminal window is a secure replacement for Telnet connections.
Interviews for placement are conducted in terminal year of the cause.
In Rajdhani Express, tickets are available till terminating station only
Inform about termination of duration
He was reading the termination clause.
Termination indicator is not working
Termination indicator is not yet received
Termination notice may be sent by registered post.
Receive order of higher authority for termination of service
The medical terminology is difficult to understand.
This is the terminus of railways.
The termites have destroyed all the furniture items which were stored in the godown.
The termite nest was close by due to which they repeatedly visited the furniture site.
The termitorium were dried and consumed as a source of medicine.
Land development bank is a term lending agency.
Payment of term loan is made in installments
Term loans are granted for activities which take longer time to execution or for creation of fixed assets.
The period of term loans depend on the productive life of asset or the production cycle (medium terms loans are generally upto 5 years and long term loan upto 20 years like sinking of well).
The term of bill will be 50 days after date.
He had gone abroad twice during his term of office
The terms of this competition are following.
Mark terms and conditions on the back side of the bill
The breach of terms and conditions of service will result in disciplinary action and even termination of service.
Issue buy order on accpetance of terms of contract
Tell clearly about terms of delivery
Terms of delivery are quite clear
Terms of payment of loan are part of the loan agreement.
Violation of terms of protocol by any party will end the agreement.
Terms of reference decide scope of enquiry.
Terms of service has been issued
Terms of service have been informed before appointment
When value of imports exceeds the value of exports then the terms of trade are known as unfavourable.
When value of imports exceeds the value of exports then the terms of trade are known as unfavourable.
The trader was explaining the terms of trade.
Basic ternary logic circuits provide all 27 single - variable ternary logic functions.
The ternary operator is a statement, and that it doesn 't evaluate to a variable, but to the result of a statement.
How do I model a ternary relationship using Database Design Studio?
He was employed in a territorial army.
Heart attack is terror condition in life.
Terrorism should be curbed by all the nations.
Terrorists have infiltrated the valley in large number
In tertian maleria fever is occuring every third day.
Tertiary stage is the most advanced stage of syphilis.
Tertiary industry deals with services.
Tertiary liquidity is of less importance.
The organisms are learnt to exist during the tertiary period.
Tertiary risk may not deter a prudent investor from investing.
Pathological tests are used for diagnosis of the disease.
Testa, In protozoology, usually termed test;
Student 's t test is a statistical significance test for assessing the difference between two or more population means.
Coombs test is used in immunohematology, and immunology to diagnose the disease.
Typically the test contains unit testing and integration testing by developers, system testing by testers, and user acceptance testing by users.
The testa of the seed is observed to be hairy in appearnace.
The testament need not be registered.
Situation will be clear on review of testamentary
He was given the property through testamentary succession.
A Test - and - Set has two input terminals t and r, and two output terminals t0 and t1.
The test and set instruction automatically checks if a memory location is zero, and if so, sets the memory location to 1.
The testator has to sign before two witnesses.
Report on test audit has since been received.
A testbed is used when a new module of a software is tested.
All test cases have been documented fully.
Test cases may be discussed in the workshop.
Send two copies of test certificate
Send test certificate in a sealed envelope
Test charges are to be paid by the office
Test charges are acceptable
Report of test check has arrived
How many people are involved in test check?
Test check will be conducted by the senior manager.
Send the briefings of the errors that appeared in test checking of books
Test data may be recorded for re - use.
He is the tester of our productions.
Test hand was engaged on temporary basis.
Testicular cancer is the cancer of testies.
She refused to testify against her professor.
This product is testified by the Indian Standard Association.
He received a testimonial from his teacher.
The increase in export bears testimony to the success of industry.
Testing of these products is recommended.
Take advance action on the testing report
The mosquito was used as a test insect in finding the effectiveness of the mosquito spray.
Testis produces sperms.
The testis of the insect were observed by mounting the sturcture under a microscope.
Shows the source code for a Linux serial port test program.
Action has been taken on the test report of the commission
There is no major arraignment in test report
Shows the source code for a Linux serial port test routine.
The test run of the new vehicle have shown encouraging results.
The test specification should explain "how" to implement the test cases described in the test plan.
Tetanus is prevented by giving tetanus toxoid intramuscularly.
Tetany is due to hyperventilation, hypoparathyroidism, rickets, and uremia.
A tetrad chromosomal structure was observed during the process of meiosis.
Tetradynamous conditon was observed in the mustard plant.
Fallot tetralogy is a set of congenital cardiac defects, ventricular septal defect, pulmonic valve stenosis and dextroposition of the aorta
The flower of this plant is tetramerous in appearance.
The tetraploid plants were observed to grow at a much faster rate.
The worms of the tetylenchus groups were being found in most part of the field.
A page of text takes about 2, 000 to 4, 000 bytes.
There will be discussion on this matter in text book committee
Text boxes are used to add text in a drawing or paint program.
A text cursor can only move within the text range of the text object in which it was created.
Rich text editing is supported by all modern web browsers.
TextPad is an award winning text editor for Windows.
TECO offers extensive facilities for text manipulations, keyboard handling, and screen drawing.
Save this text file into "My Documents".
Modify the existing text file transfer.
I want to make a custom Input Text Formatter in Java.
Subscript and Superscript with the TEXT function.
Subscript and Superscript with the TEXT function.
Text mode applications communicate with the user with command - line interfaces and text user interfaces.
Do parallel text processing.
A program is usually divided into a data segment and a text segment.
Texture mapping is one of the most successful new techniques in high quality image synthesis.
There is a dorsal thalamus and ventral thalamus in the brain.
There is peduncle of thalamus such as the eyestalk of a lobster.
The thalamus in the rose plant was observed to be cup shaped.
The liverwrots are observed to be thalloid in appearance.
It is proved that thallophyta are the most premitive plant life.
The thallus is observed to be slightly thicker at the base protion.
I am thankful for your good wishes
I have the following error using Jakarta - tomcat with Apache Server on Windows NT. Can you help me? Thanks in advance.
The All India Services Provident Fund governed by The All India Services Provident Fund rules.
The Armed forces Personnel Provident Fund is only for employees of Armed Forces
Theatres in Maharashtra organizes additional Hindi plays
There is a huge idol of king of theatre on the gates of theatre hall
The Internet Adapter was ported to a large number of unix or unix - like systems.
The organisms were studied to reproduce by thelyotoky.
The thelytoky process is very rare in animal kingdom but is seen in the insect kingdom.
Nationality is the theme of this film.
I want to introduce you to The New Hacker 's Dictionary.
Atomic theory suggest that chemical compounds are formed by the union of atoms in certain definite proportions.
Big bang theory suggests the origine of universe.
Thoracoscope is used to view intrathoracic to diagnose the disease.
There is therapeutic uses of medicine.
The plant species is known to be a good therapeutic in the treatmen of this disease..
Ray therapeutics is used for radiotherapy.
A physiotherapist is expert in the practice of physical therapy
Therapist speech is useful in the speech disorder.
psychotherapy is useful in the mental illness.
This company is famous for manufacturing thermal printers.
Clinical thermameter is used to measure human body temperature.
Invite tenders for buying thermometer equipments
The plant is thermonastic as it tends to close it leaves in colder climate.
The four o clock plant exhibits thermonsaty property.
The adaptive behaviour of the thermotaxis plant was studued by the botanist in detail.
The plant species that is being discovered is found out to be thermotropic.
The process of thermotropism was observed in the plant that grew on the compound wall.
He submitted his thesis before one year.
The WELL was started by Stewart Brand and Larry Brilliant in 1985.
The WELL was started by Stewart Brand and Larry Brilliant in 1985.
A thick blood smear is done on glass slide for detection malarial parasite.
The plant is used in food preperations which is used a thickening agent.
Thigh is made up of a long bone femur, hamstring muscles, sartorius muscle, used for walking.
Thigh bone articulating with the hip bone proximally and the tibia and patella distally.
The process of thigmotropism was observed in the leaves of the minosa plant.
A thin corporation may not be able to absorb further shocks.
The think tank in the planning commission has submitted certain proposals to tackle the price rise situation.
The think tank in the planning commission has submitted certain proposals to tackle the price rise situation.
You can increase, decrease, or randomize think time in your tests.
Thin market may not be indicative of the future trend.
Third account can be made liable in case of guarantee.
Banks have to very cautious while dealing with the third class paper.
Shares which are not of big value are traded in the third market.
For a bank any person or party who is not a customer of the bank would be third party.
Third party guarantee is acceptable as per rules.
Keep in mind that your customers will come into contact with your third - party provider more frequently than with your own representatives.
A thoracic cavity contains lung and heart.
conventional thoracoplasty is used in the treatment of empyema.
Thoracotomy is done to access the mediastinum to visualize, and for biopsy,
barrel - shaped thorax seen in patients with emphysema.
The skeletal structure of the thorax was compared between species.
The rose flower stem was filled with thorns.
He was thinking of planting a thorn climber on the compound wall.
The circumstances were thoroughly observed by the committee.
A positive thought in man, makes successful.
He was a thoughtful officer.
In this situation the system is said to be thrashing.
You can start a new thread by posting a message that is not a reply to an earlier message.
Threaded Internet Newsreader (TIN) is based on the tass newsreader, which was derived from Plato Notes.
This is a Version 4. 0 of the Threaded ReadNews.
In this code, we adopted the Fully Threaded Tree.
Each process has its own address space and (usually) one thread of control.
Excessive rain brings threat of flood
Security has been tightened after the threatening of strike
It is a serious offence to threaten staff members
Threaten abortion is abnoramal condition in pregnancy
Theatre is used for educatinal perpose in college
An poeration theatre is used for surgery.
Each instruction in three - address code can be described as a 4 - tuple: (operator, operand1, operand2, result).
Three - address instruction formats are not common because they require a relatively long instruction format to hold the three address references.
The three layer cuticular system of the insect makes it very strong physically.
MCA, FTP, SNA, CPU, MMU, DMU, FPU, TLA etc. are the examples of Three Letter Acronyms (TLA).
The wire is charged with three phase current.
A 4 - way MUX is composed of 4 three - state buffers.
For disbursing of crop loans a three tier credit structure is operating in the country (At latter primary agricultural society, at middle district co - operative bank and at the top apex co - operative bank).
After the three - way handshake is complete, connection is established.
Auditory threshold is the intensity of any barely perceptible sound.
The toxicity threshold of the plant was found out to be very high.
A circuit for a high - speed threshold gate with low power dissipation is given.
Threshold limit for the crop insurance is different for different crops.
Threshold pain is varies at differrent part of body.
Threshold rate of interest is maintained to avoid inflationary trend due to interest rates.
Threshold rate of interest is maintained to avoid inflationary trend due to interest rates.
Threshold worker has to be imparted orientation training.
He shopped at a thrift shop.
Branch has mobilised good amount of thrift deposits.
A fluid thrill examination is done on abdomen for the diagnosis of ascites.
Thrips were traced in the field which had caused the death of all plants.
sore throat is due to inflammation of the tonsils, pharynx, or larynx.
Thrombosis causes infarction of tissues supplied by the vessel.
He applied for a training course through university.
Through bill of lading is required by the importer to clear the goods at the port of destination.
Charges for through freight are comparatively at lesser rate.
Through lending rate has been revised recently.
Through passage is the direct route.
People are often concerned about measuring the maximum data throughput rate of a communications link or network access.
Goods are available at through rate
To speed up through traffic one way scheme has been introduce on main roads.
Clearance goods are sold at throw - away price.
He threw out the suggestions from the workers.
Thrust areas in small scale industries have been identified.
Thumb is used for holding substances and for thumb impression.
Thumb impression of an illiterate person has to be attested.
While dealing in day - to - day transactions on counter thumb rule of scrutiny of papers is followed.
While dealing in day - to - day transactions on counter thumb rule of scrutiny of papers is followed.
He won the election by thumping majority.
The strcuture of the thymine cell culture was tested in the laboratory.
Thymol iodide is a dry powder antiseptic; has been used as a substitute for iodoform in skin diseases, wounds, ulcers, purulent rhinitis, otitis, etc.
Thymol is used externally and internally as an antiseptic, as a deodorizer, as a specific for ancylostomiasis.
Thyroid cartilage, is a cartilage of the larynx
Thyroid gland secretes thyroid hormone and calcitonin.
The flowers of the garden were majorly destroyed by the thysanoptera insects.
The thysanura insects destroyed all the books that were stored.
Tibia is present between the knee and ankle.
Tic is especially prominent when the person is under stress.
Tick transmits specific diseases to humans and lower animals.
The ticket of the journey should be booked beforehand.
The ticket will be issued at the ticket counter.
The ticks were present in large quantities in the body of the cattle.
Some medicines are given t. i. d.
Tie both the ends
Tied aid in rural development activities is not acceptable to India.
There are some additional conditions attached to tied Loan
Tied loans are generally not prefered by the borrowers of standing.
Tied shops generally sell monopoly items.
All tied up cases may put up before the general manager.
Tied up loans can be related only on fulfulling the condition.
Detained goods also gets cleared in tie in sale
He booked his ticket in a three tier coach.
Tier credit system is generally followed in co - operative credit sector.
Tie up arrangement for marketing of Amul products in Delhi has been finalised with Mother Dairy.
Tie up arrangement for marketing of Amul products in Delhi has been finalised with Mother Dairy.
The speed of the tiger beetle was found out to be 30 - 40 mph.
Tightening of monetary policy is a decision taken by monetary authority.
Tight fiscal policy will create a tight many situation.
Tight money will dislocate projections of many activities.
Due to increasing rate of inflation a tight money policy is likely to be adopted by the RBI.
Tractors are the common made of tillage now.
The tiller may not necessarily be the land owner.
The tiller may not necessarily be the land owner.
The tillering phase causes growth of the plant.
Till money is fully insured upto a limit.
The tilt of the window was changed by the architect.
Time is measured by units such as second, minutes, hours, days, months, or years.
clotting time is measured to determine coagulation of blood.
Does anybody really know what time it is? For the official time in the INDIA, click here.
The plea has become time barred, so it can not be accepted
A time barred claim is a lost entitlement.
The time bill will be payable after 60 days from the date.
This programme of dance is time bound.
The time card was given to each employee.
The computational time complexity is an important topic in the theory of evolutionary algorithms (EAs).
Time consuming projects require long - term loans.
Premature withdrawal of a time deposit in a bank will attract a penalty.
It is uses a combined time division and code division multiple access scheme.
A channel bank converts 24 analog voice conversations into digital and then multiplexes them via Time Division Multiplexing (TDM) onto the T1.
It is a high - accuracy time - division multiplier.
A channel bank converts 24 analog voice conversations into digital and then multiplexes them via Time division switch onto the T1.
The time frame for executing the contract has been agreed mutually.
Time freight has been agreed between the parties.
Time keeper 's service duration has been increased to one more year
Time keeping is very good habit.
The time lag between payment of two instalments of loan will be three months.
Fixed deposits of a bank are considered time liabilities.
No extension of the time limit will be granted for execution of the contract.
Time money reflects the rule of potential earning capacity of money.
Time off, please show
Please show time display panel on at the time of opening of the shop
ATM machines perform a time - out if you do not enter your password quickly enough.
The maker of the time promissory note has the prime liability to make payment.
Care must be taken with software timer implementation.
Calculate according to time rate system
For percentage time rate is important.
Timer Clock reminds you about rest - time and save your eyesight.
The players were recording their practice on time recording machine.
All information regarding timer management are stored in RAM.
To reach a time - scale for an employee it takes couple of year.
The time schedule for repayment of loan has been enclosed with the loan sanction letter.
An existing network server (e. g. a file server) can become a time server with additional software.
Time sharing made the computing experience much more interactive.
Time Sharing Option (TSO) interacts with users in either a line - by - line mode or in a full screen, menu - driven mode.
Time slicing is based on the time - multiplexed transmission of different services.
Every activity of a worker should have a time stamp.
She don 't have time study equipment.
The time table of the classes was on display.
The time table is a guide to do or show work systematically in the dividend time frame.
A common Time to live (TTL) value for DNS is 86400 seconds, which is 24 hours.
The timing of broadcasting of this programme has to be decided.
The timing of the lunch break was decided by the company.
Timing diagrams are used to explore the behaviors of objects throughout a given period of time.
The main timing signal comes from the computer 's clock, which provides a frequency that can be divided into many slower cycles.
Iodine tincture is used as an antiseptic on the skin surface for cuts and scratches
Tibia is present between the knee and ankle.
Tingling caused by cold or nerve injury.
Tinnitus is caused by a bodily condition due to disterbance of auditory nerve or wax in the ear.
clicking tinnitus is due to chronic catarrhal otitis media
Tint is applied on the hair.
Tint corresponds to the common definition of colour, e. g. "red", "orange", "violet" etc.
Financing of tiny sector industries is covered under priority sector lending.
The teacher gave us some tips for solving the paper.
The employees will be given tips on extra work.
There are four basic tissues in the body: 1) epithelium; 2) connective tissues, 3) muscle tissue; and 4) nerve tissue.
The tissue system in plants was observed to be mainly of three types.
Tithe was an old practice to support the church.
The titillae is observed to be present in the insect species.
Think over on bestowing the benchmark title on him
This time the title of Bharat Ratna has not been announced
The title of a book is covered under Trade mark / copyright.
Title clearance document is proposed by an Advocate after conducting search of the title records.
The title deed is generally a registered document.
Registration of title deeds is mandatory
He is the title holder of this institution.
Title of occupation has to be proved after following a legal process.
To acquire interest in the instrument one has to obtain it on consideration and in due cause.
Some standing crops like grapes etc. are sold to traders at to arrive at price.
To be disqualified for this post is equal to * * * * * *
The drug TOBRAgave the organism resistance in a very short span of time.
It was confirmed that the transmitted virus was TOBRA virus.
A great toe I is the first digit of the foot.
To evince interest in buy back of shares company has to pass a resolution.
You can toggle between available languages using this drop - down list.
The normal toggling speed varies from 50ms to 300ms.
She engaged herself in toilet for long hours.
The toilet should be clean and hygienic
The token is required to be surrendered to the cashier office getting payment of the cheque.
In the C programming language, expression "# define MAXAMOUNT 50000, MAXAMOUNT" is the token.
Token bus was standardized by the IEEE 802. 4 Working Group and mainly used for industrial applications.
A token bus network is very similar to a token ring network.
Token coin is not a recognised / valid currency.
A token coin may be used to operate a machine for a charge equivalent to money value.
Coins are token money and can be exchanged for value when they are legal tender.
Token passing schemes provide round - robin scheduling.
There are token passing ring and token passing bus in the token passing method.
There are token passing ring and token passing bus in the token passing method.
The most common type of token ring is defined in the IEEE 802. 5 standard.
To send a message, a computer catches the token, attaches a message to it, and then lets it continue to travel around the token ring network.
The employees announced a token strike.
TokenTalk devices cost about 2 / 3s higher than EtherTalk.
High dose tolerance assessed by exposure to high doses of antigen.
The tolerance of the pest to the pesticides was closely stated.
No concessions in the price of commodity can be granted beyond tolerance level.
No concessions in the price of commodity can be granted beyond tolerance level.
The tolerance limit of the organisms was studied by carrying out the experiment.
Tolerance limits in price pattern have already be discussed and decided.
He is a tolerant officer.
To levy tax depends on the government conscience
Toll tax has been increased for dangerous routes
Each end office connects directly to a toll center.
Toll tax needs to be paid at naka
Rates of toll tax has been increased with quick effects
A prudent banker will take all the steps to match the maturities of assets and liabilities.
The tombstones are published with a view to inform the public about the involvement of the banks.
computed tomography is one of the method used to assess the normal or abnormal structure in the body
Hyper tone and the hypo tone are the abnormal tone of muscle
Zero tone is black and 100% is white, intermediate values are "light" or "dark" colours.
This tone is pleasing.
He toned down the production.
Tone of the market is bullish.
Health tonner is good for health.
He toned up the organizational activities.
He toned up the sluggish employees by his encouraging words.
Tongue is a sense organ used for taste of food.
The mucous membrane under the tongue is too short limiting the mobility of the tongue tie.
List the rates of tonnage
Tell the tonnage of the ship
First get information about the tonnage of the ship
The tonnage cleared is within the capacity of the ship.
The structure of the tonofibrillae of the insect skeleton was studied in depth.
Intra ocular pressure is measured by tonometer.
It was proved that the tonoplast membrane is semipermiable.
Tonsilitis is one of the disease of tonsil.
Bacterial infection causes swelling and pain in the tonsil.
Tonsilitis causes pain and swelling in the tonsil
Vincent tonsillitis caused by Vincent organisms (bacillus and spirillum).
The software engineer had been developing lots of EDA tools.
The tools of selective credit control include margin stipulations, quantity of advances, rates of interest etc. to be followed by banks.
Dental carries is the disease of the tooth.
A tooth brush is used to clean the teeth.
Tooth pulp is present in the center of tooth in the pulp cavity
He reached on the top of the hill.
A top - down design works best when you have clearly - defined requirements.
Top - down parsing occurs in the analysis of both natural languages and computer languages.
The second topic of this chapter is very complicated.
The topic of discussion will be given prior to the discussion.
Topical cream is used as antibactrial, antifungal, purpose.
I think we started with a question about Niven 's last book, but we' ve ended up discussing the sexual habits of the common marmoset. Now that 's topic drift! 
A topic group functions much like a bulletin board; users submit postings for all to read and discussion ensues.
The top line of the enterprise has increased considerably during the last two years.
The top line figures of the business being the last quarter are encouraging.
The top management will approve the major policy initiatives.
He is the top management officer of our company.
This is the topmost degree in industrial management.
Top - of - the line articles are available at selected stores only.
A topography of liver is used to assess normal the structure of liver
We get that G is a finite topological covering of C +.
Star Topology is the most common type of network topology that is used in homes and offices.
The topotype studied gave a lot of information about the theory of evolution.
The top priority before the new company is to negotiate a syndicated loan.
This is a top ranking banking company.
The top secret documents are in the custody of MD only.
The tormagen cell is being identified in the insect specimen.
In torticollis, the head is drawn to one side and usually rotated so that the chin points to the other side.
The trees in this area are inhibited by tortoise beetle
The prisoners of war were subject to torture.
The torus of the plant is observed to be covered with a hairy layer.
A total loss of hair on the head is called as alopecia totalis
Total capitulated amount has corssed the actual aim
Total assets have been shown in the annexure.
The company offers total connectivity for the defence, aerospace and commercial industries.
Total creditor 's account is reflected in the annexure to balance sheet.
Total debtor 's account is reflected in the annexure to the balance sheet of the company.
Total effects are required to be insured for the whole amount.
Total income has to be shown on the income tax return under appropriate head.
The total loss during the current year will erode the entire accumulated profits.
Figures of total man hours lost during the current strike are being worked out.
The total off take of sugar during festival season is at the peak level.
The total off take of sugar during festival season is at the peak level.
In a total parasite plant the brown colored scales were observed.
The touch panel is widely used on ATM machines.
The question paper was tough.
To get acceptance in tour activity occasion is mandatory
Regularly complete the tour diary
Present tour diary for overview
Many new policies have been taken for tourism development
Foreign tourists get attracted to Rajasthan very much
In many countries tourist visa is given in the airport itself
Good grants are available for tournaments
Tourniquet is used for temporarily arresting the flow of blood in the vessels for the collection of blood
Tour programme has been approved
Please do not make such long tour programme
Present tour report just after coming back from tour
Present tour report in the prescribed format
One may notice a tout in the share market.
Towel is used for wiping or drying the hand in the hospital.
This is a cultural town of our state.
New township has been developing outside the city
When dues considered doubtful were provided for but later recovered an entry to write back can be passed.
To write down detailed overview of the journey is a thrilling experience
To write off is a regural process of business
Toxaemia is clinical manifestations observed during certain infectious diseases.
Toxaemia in pregnancy may develop into something called pre - eclampsia, which can then lead to eclampsia,
Effect of toxemia can be reduced if medication is taken the the initital point of infection.
A toxic shock syndrome is caused by infection of bacteria.
Toxic substances are life threatening
The substance is observed to be toxic in nature and can cause death.
The death of the individual was on account of consumption of a toxicant.
The substance toxication was observed to increase the blood.
oxygen toxicity is a body disturbance resulting from breathing high partial pressures of oxygen
Toxicity of the drug was evaluted using the latest technique.
Toxicology is branch of medical science.
The docotr is a specialist in toxicology.
The toxigenicity of the drug when mixed with the stomach juices was studied.
Toxin is formed some higher plant and animal species.
There is a endotoxin and exotoxin
Toxin is present in the leaves of the plant which have turned blue in color.
The toxin which is produced in the plant is affecting its growth.
Toxoid is capable to stimulate the production of antitoxin antibodies and thus of producing an active immunity.
A filament expanding from a tablet into the matter of the enfolded organ
The trabecula of the plant was observed to be affected by virus.
This method is mainly used in congenital glaucoma particularly when goniotomy is unsuccessful
TRACE assessed the outcome of an ACE (angiotensin - converting enzyme) inhibitor on the M & M; of Patients with severe myocardial infarction (MI).
Tracing of the design is of good level
Radioactive carbon and radioactive iodine are types of tracers.
The trachea is composed of 1620 rings of hyaline cartilage connected by a membrane
The trachea is often known as the windpipe.
The traches of the insect was studied to be flexible and made up of ringed structures.
The cellular structure of the trachea was studied using a electron microscope.
Tracheal collapse is an ailment of the tracheal membrane
Abnormalities were observed in the tracheal gills of the aquatic insects.
Pits were observed in the tracheid of the plant xylem.
Tracheitis causes suffocation in the man.
Acute bacterial tracheitis is a bacterial tracheitis
Trachelagra produces torticollis.
Spasmodic effect of the head in epilepsy
This inflammation or swelling could be persistent and might or might not have a known cause
Infrequently used word for surgical procedure of the cervix uteri
It is also described as an Emmet operation
It is also known as bronchotracheal.
It is a general indication of pulmonary infection
Fetal tracheolaryngeal airway obstruction can be detected by MRI and sonographic findings
The diameter of the insect trachiole was measured.
The sound is heard viathe application of the stethoscope over the trachea
The examination of the trachea, is done with a laryngoscopic mirror
Some of the symptons of tracheostenosis are Shortness of breath, Coughing, Wheezing, dyspnoea
Tracheostomy is done for artificial respiration.
Tracheostomy is performed in order to facilitate respiration
It is also known as a tracheotomy blade
It is done when the pharynx is blocked by cancer or edema other reasons.
tracheotomy tube can be a hollow tube made of metal, rubber, or plastic
There is follicular trachoma and granular trachoma.
Trachoma marked by the formation of minute grayish or yellowish translucent granules in the eye.
Trachoma is the result of Chlamydia trachomatis
Trachoma is a main cause of sightlessness in the world
Gothic arch, sea gull and arrow point tracings are the various tracing shapes
Software tracing provides developers with information useful for debugging.
Tracing of contacts is important in diagnosis of sexual transmitted disease in multiple sex partners.
On CDs and videodiscs, tracks are in spiral form.
Before the advent of the touchpad, small track balls were common on portable computers.
Experimental traffic is being done in railway circuit
Tracking should not be confused with kerning which deals with the spacing between certain pairs of characters.
The track record of the borrower may be a major consideration for considering loan proposal.
The diskette can store 80 tracks of data at a spacing of 135 tracks per inch (tpi).
Alimentary tract is related to digestion. and excretion.
A urinary tract is for formation and exretion of urine
Sinus is tubular tract open at one end on the body.
uveal tract comprises of the ciliary body, choroid, and iris
intestinal tractcomprises of the small and large intestines in constancy.
The land was ploughed by the tractor.
Olfactory tractotomy is related to the sense of smell
Trade association of the traders who have common interest has been formed.
He was interested in a leather trade.
The trade acceptance discounting is an unsecured working capital tool that encourages exporters to offer importers extended payment terms.
Trade agreement between two countries details terms of the trade.
Trade allowance is determined by the market situation or mutual agreement.
The current trade balance is in favour of our country.
Trade barrier by one country adversely affect the flow of trade between two countries.
A trade bill can be discounted as per rules.
Trade bloc in different regions of the world are operating.
The record of the trade can be seen in the trade book.
Trade cycle is a routine phenomenon in trading activities world over.
Trade deficit during the current year was less than last year during the same period.
The trader presented his problems to the trade delegation.
Traded goods are subject to conformity of standard stipulations.
Trade discount is generally granted from the catalogue price or the MRP (Maximum Retail Price).
Trade due are settled as per market practice or as per agreement.
Please mention trade expenses?
Efforts are being made bridge the trade gap by encouraging export.
Trade goods are displayed in big stores for promoting their sale.
The trade mark was promoted by the trade group.
This is a trusted trade mark.
Apply through form for trade marks registration
Getting trade name registered is beneficial
A trade off was reached between the two parties with the intervention of a common friend.
A trade off was reached between the two parties with the intervention of a common friend.
The trade practice is widely considered as an acceptable rule.
The trade price contains a discount on printed prices.
Company is participating in the trade promotion fair.
The trade protocol between India and Bangladesh was signed recently.
A trader is required to obtain some licences / permissions for carrying out trading activities.
Trade reference is important while establishing new trade relations.
Trade risks should be properly evaluated before entering into a new trade area.
A decided trade route is generally observed while transporting goods.
With the advent of online payment trader 's credit system has been outdated.
Investment in trade share is advisable for small investors.
All tradesman in this area have formed an association.
After a long time trade surplus with European countries was noticed.
He was the president of the trade union.
The company trade upon the reputation of its erstwhile chairman.
Gross profit from trading account is carried over to profit and loss account.
With trading down activity in business one can have some cash in hand.
Trading estates are busy centres of activities with all infrastructure.
Trading post may be a meeting point for sellers and buyers.
Trading Profit and Loss account is part of final account.
The trading ring is now loosing its relevance in view of online trading in shares.
Resolution of controversies is to be done according to established tradition
The traditional assessment is more of a memory - type.
Traffic is immoral trade which harm the economy of the country.
A system administrator monitors traffic level and takes appropriate action when traffic becomes heavy.
A trafficker is an offender.
Unscrupulous people engage themselves in trafficking in import.
The traffic police was controlling the traffic.
It is applied as a suspending agent in pharmaceutics preparations, mainly tinctures and powders
Tragal pumping is the constantly applying tragal force in swift sequence to assist transport ear drops deeper into the ear duct
The business community gathered to express grief over the tragedy
Make provision for relief for victims of tragedy
Tragi is the plural of Tragus
The trails of animals can be seen in jungles.
The trail of blood was visible at the place of mishap.
Damaged car has been taken to the garage in a trailer form
A trailer label is written for each header label.
The trail following behaviour of the cockroaches were studied.
Trailing boggies are used for specific purpose
The train was late by ten hours.
Trainee take practical knowledge.
He was selected for the traineeship.
Trainer gives the practical knowledge.
This institute has twelve training centers.
He was studying in a government training college.
Some employees will be selected technical training division.
Training field is the hospital where the medical person 's are takeing actual knowledge.
He is the principal of the training institute.
The training period for this job will be of one month.
It is dizziness and nausea, occasionally accompanied by queasiness, consequential from the motion of the train that one is traveling.
Traits can be bodily, for instance hair color, or behavioral for instance burrowing in rodents
No business contract can be signed with a tramp agency.
Sugar / Gur making industry is a tramp industry.
Tramp vessel may visit short and long distances depending upon the requirement.
In a trance one detaches one 's physical environment, as in meditation or daydreaming
The first tranche of loan has already been disbursed.
Tranquiliser are used to reduce tension or anxiety.
It is an antianxiety agent that reduce tension or anxiety
Laproscopy is trans abdominal surgery.
fumaric acid is a trans - compound
A transabdominal ultrasound is usually done in women to check for large uterine
A transaction may be concluded when both parties - the seller and buyer agrees to the terms.
Ad hoc queries are a type of transaction.
Transactional banking is a routine type of banking not involving long term commitments.
The transaction file is maintained by the file system software.
Whenever a data update is made entries are added to the transaction log.
These files enable transaction - oriented processing.
Automatic teller machines (ATMs) for banks are an example of transaction processing.
The transaction processing system must always be consistent with its own rules.
Transaction routing allows a transaction that is started by automatic transaction initiation (ATI) by a START command.
I will be the first to admit that I am not an expert on transborder data flow (TBDF).
transbronchial lung biopsy relates to the opening of a bronchoscope via the lumen of a bronchus
Transceiver comes in many forms; for example, a transponder on a satellite, a network adapter in the computer or the circuits in a cellphone.
To transcribe a text needs knowledge of grammar.
This website provides free and safe transcribe for Windows downloads.
The use and applications of transcription were explained to the students.
A microphone is a transducer that transforms sound energy into electrical signals.
Transduction was observed in the medium which had virus.
Acute spinal cord transaction is usually linked with cervical spine rupture
Transfer in a job is a routine thing and cannot be avoided.
Transfer in a job is a routine thing and cannot be avoided.
Transfer of property is required to be registered.
All transferable entries be authenticated by the authorised official.
All transferable entries be authenticated by the authorised official.
All posts in the bank are transferable.
While drawing balance transfer adjustment has been taken into account.
It should be ensured that the amount is transferred to the account of rightful transferee.
It should be ensured that the amount is transferred to the account of rightful transferee.
The transferee will report on duty within 7 days of the date of transfer order.
The transfer entry has to be reported quickly.
Transfer ledger extract may help in reconciliation of inter - branch transfers.
The transfer operation is shown at the bottom as a separate diagram.
The transferor has to be ensure compliance with all the requirements of transfer.
The transferor has to be ensure compliance with all the requirements of transfer.
Transferor should have right to transfer as per rules.
The transferor of delivery has no liability as the instrument.
Transfer price mechanism is an internal policy of the bank.
Transfer rates are measured in bits or bytes per second.
Transfer responding advices are confirmation of passing an entry based on the transferring entry.
The number of transfer RNA in the genome is observed to vary from organism to organism.
Transfer scroll may be referred in reconciliation of books, if need to be.
This is a small program to calculate the transfer time over the net.
Transfer transactions are entered into a separate book.
The vein at the proposed spot of cannulation is transfix by a needle
In transfixation ligature the suture substance is passed through the base
A cell transformation by an oncogenic virus.
It is a difficult Job to regulate the trans - frontier trade.
Blood transfusion has been done in excessive blood loss or severe anaemia.
Immediate transfusionmeans transmission of blood directly from the giver to the receiver
The transgenic process is used in carrying out the breeding process in plants.
The productivity of the transgonic crop was observed to be ten times better.
Transhipment trade is a routine practice in international trade.
epidemic pleurodynia is a kind of transient distinguished by paroxysms of ache, generally in the chest
The bulk of a computer 's main memory is used as a transient area.
Transient duty is one time tax on a particular ship passing.
Transient duty is one time tax on a particular ship passing.
A transient fault detection system and method is provided here.
Insurance of transient goods may cost high premium.
Insurance of transient goods may cost high premium.
Transillumination is diagnostic medical procedure.
Transillumination of teeth can be performed to to spot the existence of cracks
A bipolar (junction) transistor (BJT) is a type of transistor.
Transit book provides useful information on movement of goods.
Transit goods have been stored separately in the godown.
Younger is a transitional stage between childhood and adulthood
This is transitional stage.
Transitional epithelium is also called the urothelium
The transition diagram represents a finite state machine.
This is a Transition table for redesigned system.
Transitory Mania generally last from one hour to a couple days
Transit period for an employee on transfer is treated part of duty.
Transit period for an employee on transfer is treated part of duty.
Transit policy may be circulated to all concerned.
Transit trade is generally carried out by a country which has good location and infrastructure facilities.
Some countries grant transit visa on arrival.
This translation is the output of MANTRA MT system.
The translation process is known to be initial phase of protein development.
The agricultural book which was in english was translated to hindi.
The Translation Look - aside Buffer (TLB) is a part of most Memory Management Units.
"Mantra Rajbhasha" translator developed by C - DAC, Pune translates the texts from English to Hindi language.
The main translator routine searches for the text pattern required for the least significant operators.
It is a generalized lexical scanner for a translator writing system.
The translocated pesticide which enters the body of the insect will cause its death.
Reciprocal translocation is without demonstrable loss of genetic material.
Translocation is sometimes mutual, at time one section is swap for another
The process of translocation was seen to occur at a faster rate in the plant xylem.
Translucent is faintly penetrable by light rays.
Translucid is a other word for transparent.
A transmission of Tuberculosis from one person to another by air
Transmission is also known as the message of inheritable character from a parent to a offspring.
The transmission of disease was prevented by the medicine that was sprayed on the plants.
How is a transmission channel accessed in an ethernet based network?
I am having a transmission code.
Throughout the world, one of the most routinely used sets of protocols is the Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol (TCP / IP).
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the core protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite.
It is highly efficient data transmission facility through very long distance high - speed networks.
Compare and research Television Transmission Interruption companies and businesses online.
How do you check the automatic transmission level in an alero?
Transmission Level Point is created to ease circuit design.
This is a finite difference program for computing the properties of any transmission line or directional coupler.
This transmission link software is developed for designing and analyzing DC transmission lines.
An optical fiber which reduces transmission loss increase even in a high humidity environment or under water is provided.
Fiber - optic cable is the most secure transmission medium.
Transmission of figures may be done through safe mode.
The data transmission rate is 10kbps.
Generally the transmission speed of data on Ethernet LAN technology is 10mbps / 100mbps.
The transmission time can be calculated by dividing the length of the medium by its propagation speed.
These signals are provided by the transmit control block.
Low - power transmitters do not require special cooling equipment.
a transmitter of an ailment
The transmutation of uranium - 238 into plutonium - 239 through the assimilation of a neutron and following beta secretion.
Transmutation effect has to be examined before deciding about it.
Laryngoscope carries out with lithe fiber optic endoscopes bring in through the nose.
A special licence is required for conducting trans - national banking.
To deal in transnational cyber money is a risky proposition.
The transovarial process was observed in the ticks.
The process of transovarial transmission is being initiated by mosquitoes.
Transparency is treated completely differently in all browsers.
Transparency of account gives confidence to the customer.
The Domain Name System transparently resolves a fully qualified domain name into an IP address without the user being aware of it.
In transpearent clothes body can be noticeably seen through
libRASCH is a programming framework for transparent access to physiological signals.
A transparent bridge looks like a box with two or more holes (ports) where network cables are plugged.
Organ or Tissue transplanted through a recipient to a donor.
Transplantation is also an process of poignant an organ from one donor to the recipient.
A transponder receives and transmits radio signals at a prescribed frequency range.
A hydrogen transport from one metabolite to another through the action of an enzyme system
Transport this file from desktop and put it to "My document" folder.
The transportation of injured person to hospital by vehicle
Transport charge depend on the market factor.
The Transport Layer is responsible for delivering data to the appropriate application process on the host computers.
The most well - known transport protocol is the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).
A Transport Service Access Point (TSAP) identifes the service access point between the session layer and the transport layer.
In Transposition one genetic material is moved to other part of the genome
Trans temporal gyrus is also known Heschl 's gyrus
Passage or have relations that cross the thoracic cavity
Transudate is a result of imbalanced hydrostatic and osmotic forces; due to low in protein
Transudate escort to cellular exudates creation
A material transudes in Transudation
It corresponds with the uphill colon in the higher right - hand quadrant of the abdomen and the downward colon in the higher left - hand quadrant.
Transverse dehiscent can be observed in the flowers of this plant species.
Use of transverses abdomens helps in repair of circuitous inguinal hernia
A fracture in which the smash is crosswise the bone, at a right angle to the long axis of the bone.
A fracture in which the smash is crosswise the bone, at a right angle to the long axis of the bone.
It is a rabble - rousing method relating mutually gray and white stuff of spinal cord
One of two procedures, which expanded from every vertebra and give the point of verbalization for the ribs.
The transverse section of the specimen was cut and mounted under a miscroscope.
It is a balancing dual sinus; finish in the sigmoid sinus.
second name for Transverse Temporal Gyri is Heschl 's gyrus.
Transvestism is done for the purposes of emotional or sexual gratfication.
Trap the stalk of polyp during surgery.
The aspirated specimens were collected in a mucus trap attached to the endoscope
The trap crop was planted surrounding the rice plantation by the farmers.
The trap crop concept has been an advantage as it has considerably reduced the amount of pesticides that are being used in farming.
A trap door could be removed by removing it from the source code.
Our scheme is based on a trapdoor encryption technique.
It is also known as a four - sided figure with no parallel sides
Have or pertaining to the trapezoid tendon; as, the trapezoid line
A trapped bull may have to liquidate all his holdings.
The rodents of the field were captured using a wooden trap.
The plant leave trash was being burnt by the people to generate heat.
Vehicle accident causes trauma to the body.
Trauma is also emotional shock or wound frequently having long - lasting effects
Also called injury or wound
a pus formed due to injury is known as Traumatic Abscess
Traumatic Keratitis in also psychologically painful
The term traumatic neurosis assigns a psycho - pathological condition typifies by different turbulence arising soon or long after a strong emotional shock.
break of the stomach rooted by traumatism.
The bough of medicine that deals with the surgical mend of injury and wound arise from accident.
Traveller 's cheque is generally issued in round amounts.
Travelling cash safe in the modern time has became outdated in view of new / * * * * * * remittance facilities.
Travelling expenses account is carried to profit and loss account.
In computer science, Traversal is a process of visiting each node in a tree data structure in which it visits the root last.
Treasure may in the form of money or precious metal / jewellery or something which has a great worth.
The treasurer is the joint custodian of cash.
Treasure trove is considered to be state property.
Treasury operates under the control of a treasury officer.
Treasury and sub treasury is established by the government according to requirements.
Treasury and sub treasury is established by the government according to requirements.
The treasury balance reflects the available budget spending.
Treasury bill is a highly liquid instrument and can be rediscounted even before maturity.
Treasury coupon is a system of making some payment from the treasury.
The treasury deposit can be used / applied for any purpose of development.
Treasury receipts are the proof of depositing payment and can be used as such.
Treasury stock is considered gilt edged security.
Treatise is also called as an superseded statement for narrative
There is medicinal or surgical treatment
Treatment is given to cure a disease.
Treatments is known as Care given to recover a situation to illness or injury.
Nodes at the bottommost level of the tree are called leaf nodes.
The tree was cut as it had grown huge and was about to fall.
Each node in a tree data structure has zero or more child nodes.
This is a tree network with five star networks connected to a common bus.
Every finite tree structure has a member that is called the "root" or root node.
This is a source code about modified preorder tree traversal.
In computer science, Tree traversal is a process of visiting each node in a tree data structure in which it visits the root last.
One of the Trematodea
Trembles is a ailment of domestic animals and particularly cattle poisoned by eating snakeroot;
A shaky movement. "The shaking of his finger as he lit his tube"
One is incapable to walk owing to impaired muscular coordination.
Tremor is sign of physical or psychological illness.
Tremor also means to shake
Quivering as from fear Or weakness. "Spoke nervously in a unsteady voice"
It is an unsteady sound; a shake.
A trench foot is a foot disorder resembling to exposure to cold and wet.
The root, rochalimaea Quintana, is an strange rickettsia which increase in the gut of the body louse.
contact for more then 48 hours to warm water root tropical fascination foot or warm - water immersion foot common in Vietnam where troops were bare to prolonged or frequent wading in paddy fields or streams.
Contour trenching method was used so that the irrigated land does not loose its moisture.
The trend of student towards medical field is more than other field.
Trephine is used to remove a disk of bone or other tissue
The extensive utilization of penicillin and other treponemacide antibiotics levels frequently to the cure of patients with premature - syphilis without knowing it
Treponema pallidum bacterium could be detected with particular stains, for instance the Dieterle stain
The green fruit of the trewia nudiflora is seen on the ground in large quantities during the monsoon.
TRI also stands for Transient Radicular Irritation.
Thrice is another word for Tria
There is a hepatic triad in the body.
Hutchinson 's triad disseminates labyrinthine disease, interstitial keratitis and Hutchinson' s teeth in case of congenital syphilis
Different experiments are carried out on humans in clinical trial for evaluating comparative usefulness of various therapies.
Trial and error pricing of the new product may reflect the consumer preferences.
The trial balance is prepared before completion of profit and loss account and balance sheet.
There is a clavipectoral triangle in the body
There is a anterior triangle of neck.
anal triangleis the section of perineal area that encase the anus
triangular bone is an independent ossicle at times there in the tarsus and generally forming element of the talus
The application of triangular bandages is made as cover or thick stuffing for controlling flow of blood.
lower fascia of urogenital diaphragm
Triangular trade may involve some technical considerations.
lesbians enjoy tribadism because they can involve their whole bodies.
Tribadism is a homosexual do among female where the external genitalia are rubbed together
Narmada tribunal has completed its public hearing will announce its finding soon.
Superior mesentric vein and splenic vein are the tributaries of portal vein.
A tributary station provides communications services, telephone, data etc.
triceps surae includes soleus and gastrocnemius muscles belonging to calf and are regarded as one muscle.
The treatment for Trichiasis includes removal of affected eyelashes by specialized laser, electrology and surgery
Trichitis could also be prevented.
The worldwide distribution of Trichocephalus is done with nearly 500 million infections in humans.
The trichodorus worms have found mostly in sandy and moist soils.
The absence of trichogen has led to the fall of hair in the organism.
The trichogen cell is being observed in the anatomy of the insects.
The plants belongign to the trichogyne division were collected by the individual for study purpose.
Trichology finds application in forensic studies related to hairs for discovering suspects.
the growth casing the individual skull
The trichome in this plant species give it a fuzzy look.
Keshavikriti is an ailment related to hair
The larva of the trichoptera was found in lakes and river beds.
Trichotillomania is triggered by stress or depressed state of mind.
Humans as well as closely associated primates are typically trichromats
The trichromatic hypothesis of color visualization is founded on the basis that there are 3 sets of cone receptors
Trichromatic color visualization is the capability of human beings and various other animals to distinguish diverse colors,
It is the capability to distinguish the 3 main colors
It is also called as standard color vision
Trichuriasis causes rectal prolapse or diarrhea in frequent manner.
Trichuricide in dogs might be mired by such issues as wide variations
Trichuris forms part of roundworm family called Trichuridae
Tricky price bands need careful consideration.
Tricuspid valve of heart retains blood from flowing back from right ventricle to right atrium.
The treatment for Tricuspid Atresia as provided as PGE1 for maintenance of patent ductus arteriosus
Tricuspid stenosis is cured by surgical treatment.
Tricuspid valve, closing the orifice between the right atrium and right ventricle of the heart.
Tricuspid valve is general valve which is tainted in users of IV drug
This tridax procumbens is mostly located in this part of the globe.
paralysis of trigeminal nerve causes an failure of dropped jaws
Trigeminus is the nerve in charge for sensations in the face in addition manages the activities of chewing and biting
Trigger substance that initiates action.
A trigger circuit generally causes a program routine to be executed.
Typically the trigger level should be set at a voltage level equal to about 50% of the total signal amplitude.
The share market has reached the trigger point.
Tirginta unus means thirty one, it is a word used in Latin.
Trigon can also be said to be a group of 3 related things measured as one unit
There is a trigone of bladder.
There is trigone of auditory nerve.
Tigiontis is commonly seen in women
It is also called the trigone of the urinary bladder
According to the study the trilobite larva is belived to be last seen million years ago.
The ovary of the plant was observed to be trilocular after it was viewed through a microscope.
The flower of the species is observed to be trimerous which makes it look beautifull.
There is first, second, and third trimester.
the 9 months of pregnancy is divided in to 3 trimester
The other term for tripara is tertipara; which also means a women with 3 possible offspring
The wage settlement in the bank is a tripartite agreement.
Treble, Triadic are other words for triple
Triplet is condition present in the pregnant woman.
Triplets can be grouped by their zygosity
A rarely used term for triple
The organisms was proved to be trploblastic after the study that was carried out by scientists.
The triploid organisms were observed to be sterile in nature.
The travel agencies obtain trip transit insurance for their sponsored journeys.
Trismus is often the initial manifestation of generalized tetanus.
Trismus is due to failure of central inhibition.
In the trismus pseudocamptodactyly condition the jaw muscles are abnormally short.
The organisms is an examle of a trisomic female.
Trisomy of chromosome 21 consequences in Down 's disorder
Trisplanchnic receives stimulation from the cerebral nerves
Tricuspid valve is present inbetween right atrium and right ventricle.
Deuteranopes, Protanopes, and tritanopes are dichromats;
Rare type of dichromacy distinguished by a lowered sensitivity to blue light consequences in lack of ability to differentiate yellow and blue
Triticum Spelta, is a type of wheat normally but supposed to be genes of the regular wheat, Triticum sativum
This was a very good example of tritrophic interaction.
Triturable is orginated from the word triturate which means to crush or grind
mortar and pastel is utilize to triturate various material
Trituration of drug is done for oral intake.
Trituration is creation of a homogenous mixture of metal alloy particles and mercury to form dental amalgam.
Dental amalgam is formed by the Trituration of an alloy with mercury
The vaccien is trivalent in nature and is just declared safe for consumption.
Trivial Graph Format (TGF) is a very simple, text based, file format for describing graphs.
Big bore cannula and trocar, 1. 0 to 1. 5 cm diameter, is employed in the cure of bloat in domestic animals
The 3rd joint of the leg of a bug, or the 2nd while the trochantine is joint with the coxa.
The trochanter of the insect was observed to be braoder as compared to the other bones.
The trochantin part of the insect was being mounted under a miscroscope inorder to view its structure.
Trochiscus is also a troche
Trochlea of superior slanting is a winch formation in the eye
The trochlear nerve also called the 4th cranial nerve, or 4th nerve, IV is a motor nerve
It is a malformation because of premature unification of the anterior and parietal bones
A curtate trochoid is drawn by a pedal while a bicycle is pedaled all along a straight contour
When you run a Trojan horse program, believing that it has a useful function, it will instead, for example, erase your hard drive.
Trophic is derived from the Greek word troph, which means food. As a suffix, - trophic means "nourishing", "feeding".
Tropical Fracture ensues from the deteriorating of bone.
Herpes virus might set up life - long infectivity in which a pool virus populace endures in trophic nerve cells for long time
one caused because of deficient nourishment of the part.
The trophoblast ultimately distinguishes into such tissues as the placenta, the umbilical cord, and the amnion
Gestational trophoblastic ailment is propagation of trophoblastic tissue in expecting women
The trophocyte cells were observed in the ovaries of the organism.
It is also known as hereditary lymphedema
Trophology helps in proper digestion, cholesterol and metabolism
The bacteria was observed to be present on the trophosome of the worms.
Tropical anhidrotic asthenia a state because of general deficiency of sweating in environment of high temperature
Generally Tropical Anaemia results from hookworm infestation or dietary deficiencies.
Symptoms of Tropical Chlorosis includes lack of energy, briefness of breath, headaches, dyspepsia, a whimsical or amenorrhoea and inadequate appetite
Tropism phenomenonm can be observed in the flowers of the plant.
He is known to be good at trouble - shooting.
He is known to be good at trouble - shooting.
Gingivial trough is gingival sulcus.
During the period of reduced economic activities trough rate may be available for lending facilities.
Truancy of a patient from hospital
We will have no truck with the party who has defaulted in the past.
Truck crop is remunerative when grown near the cities or market place.
Truck system is still prevalent in rural India for agricultural labourers.
Truck wholesaler is generally the distributor of goods in large quantity.
Truck wholesaler is generally the distributor of goods in large quantity.
There is true pelvis and false pelvis.
True glucose means reducing matter in the blood less aldose sugars, mannose, galactose
In true albuminuria the kidney disease is indicated
True Conjugate is generally 1. 5 to 2 cm less in comparison to diagonal conjugate.
True discount will have no strings attached to it.
True hypertrophy upshots from extreme action of muscle
It is also called true pelvic cavity
ribs that are attached by cartilage directly to the breast bone
The Trumpet newsreader program for DOS can be retrieved over the net.
3. 14126 might be truncated to 3. 14.
A truncation error was encountered.
Truncus also means Torso
The plural of truncus is trunci
In Truncus arteriosus, the embryological formation called the truncus arteriosus is not correctly divided into the aorta and pulmonary artery
The head and extremities are attached to the trunk..
A nerve trunk consist of bundle of nerve fibers enclosed in connective tissue sheath.
pulmonary trunk, divides into the right pulmonary artery and the left pulmonary artery.
Other term used for trunk is truncus
The hole was made by the bird in the trunk of the mango tree.
It is a digital trunk circuit supporting multiple trunk circuits assembled in a single board.
Hernia is trussed by truss.
Truss consists of a pad attached to a belt and kept in place by a spring or straps
A truss contains a pad connected to a belt and is held in place by straps or a spring
For opening a trust account copy of trust deed and resolution is required.
A trust deed may have to be registered.
Trust deposit can be made with recognised institutions as approved under income tax Act.
Trusteeship has certain legal obligations attached with it.
Trust fund loan is * * * * * for need and poor only.
Trustification is a process for longer benefit to the society.
The trust money can be invested only in government securities or those guaranteed by the government.
Trustworthiness is an important factor in financial transactions.
It is an example of a Boolean NAND truth table.
The plant was destroyed by the TRV.
Trying agreement has to be studied and acted upon carefully.
It is created by the pancreas and secreted in the small intestine, where it breaks the cleavage of peptide bonds linking lysine or arginine to other amino acids.
The juie of the pancreas showed the presence of trypsin.
Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) is supported by many systems and is the most commonly used format for scanned images such as photographs.
Tuba is a rare word for Tube or Pipe
In tubal pregnancy embryo is developed in the follopian tube.
Tubal pregnancies happen because of the incapability of the fertilized egg to create its way from the Fallopian tube into the uterus
Tubal abortion is habitually escorted by major internal bleeding, causing severe pelvic and abdominal pain
Tubal ligation is a permanent intentional type of birth control
Tubal Nephritis can be chronic or acute.
Most of the tubal pregnancies arise in women aged between 35 to 44 years.
Tubal rupture is a serious event in extrauterine pregnancy.
Eustachian tube is present in the either ear.
An endotracheal tube is inserted into the trachea for artificial respiration.
A fallopian tube is attached to uterus on either side to left and right ovary.
Tubule means a small tube
The tube like structure of the flower is soft and beautifull in appearance.
The tube cell were observed tyo be present in the pollen grains.
Tubed flap is also called Filatov flap.
Tuber is also known as a knoblike restricted swelling.
There are two types of tubers one is eatable, the othere is poisonus.
Tubercle is also called tuberculum.
The tubercle plant is mostly used as a spice and in various food preparations.
Tubercle Bacillus is also known as Koch 's bacillus.
tuberculous is another word for Tubercular
Tuberculous Abscess is another word for Tubercular Abscess
Tuberculosis meningitis starts insidiously with a slow unpredictable fatigue, fever, behavior changes, weight loss, vomiting and headache.
The carpals of the flower were observed to have a tuberculate appearance.
Tuberculin is utilized in the tests to find out that, if a individual is been expose to the bacteria and is in hazard of upcoming with the ailment.
Tuberculin Test is an experiment to check for earlier infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tuberculin Test is different skin tests employed to find out infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Tuberculoid is also known as "Tuberculoid leprosy"
Tuberculoid Leprosy typify by cutaneous nerves and tumors in the skin.
Tuberculoma is a tumor - like mass consequential from growth of a caseated tubercle.
Pulmonary tuberculosis is disease of lung
Tuberculosis of brain, skin, intestine, bone, etc found in the body.
Tuberculosis is also known as TB and a bacterial microorganism, the tubercle bacillus or Mycobacterium tuberculosis causes it.
Tuberculosis Larynx is rooted almost 100% of the time by a virus.
Tuberculostatic is also called as a tuberculostatic agent.
Tuberculous is also Compared to tubercular
The Alternate Name for Tuberculous Adenitis is Scrofula
By Tuberculous Peritonitis one has a danger of getting HIV Infection, Cirrhosis and Ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.
tubercle of iliac crest is part of pelvic bone.
Tubercle is due to infection by Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Radial tuberosity is present on the radius bone of hand.
Tuberosity is a bulge on a bone particularly for attachment of a ligament or muscle.
Tuberous is Of or connecting to or akin to a tuber. "A tuberous root"
The root of the vegetable plant is tuberous in nature.
A tuberous root is observed in the plant of this species.
Tube is a large vacuum tube with a slightly curved glass surface and translates the received signal into a picture on a luminescent screen.
Tubular is a constitute a tube; comprising hollow tubes (as to passage of liquids)
The bees attacked the tubular corolla to draw nectar from it.
Tubular Forceps is a long slim forceps used through a cannula
There is a convoluted tubule of kidney
Tubule is a small tube wrinkled with glandular epithelium; as, the uriniferous tubules of the kidney
Tubulorrhexis is a break of the tubules of the kidney.
Tubus is also known as tube or canal.
A tuft formed of capillary loops at the beginning of each nephric tubule in the kidney
Tuft is a cluster of feathers or hair or growing grass
Tug is to pull with power
Tularemia is an infirmity rooted by a bacterium. It outcomes in rash, fever and very much enlarged lymph nodes.
Tumefacient Produce swelling; tumefying
Tumefaction is a swollen state.
Tumescence is a state of being swollen or edematous.
Tumescence is an act of that which bulge; as, the inflammation of rivers in spring; the inflammation of the breast with pride
A leg is tumid due to elephantiasis
Tumid is a protuberant or bulging shape;
Tumid Abdomen Also called Swollen belly
There is a malignant and benign tumour.
An adipose tumour is due to fat accumulation beneath the skin.
Tumour is also called a neoplasm.
This is a best quality tuner.
The tunic of the seed is dark green in color and protects the main part of the seed from the hostile environment.
Tunica is in anatomy, a universal term for a membrane or lining a body part or organ or other structure covering.
The plural of Tunica is Tunicae
Tunica Adventitia is also called as membrana adventitia
Tunica Albuginea is a tissue wrapped with white collagenous fibers, such as the sclerotic coat of the testes and the eyeball.
Tunica Mucosa is a membrane lining of dissimilar tubular structures
Tunica Serosa is secretes a watery exudates.
The leaf of the garlic was modified to a tunicated bulb.
Persistent tunica vasculosa lentis is a congenital visual abnormality.
Tuning fork, produce a pure tone and overtones; used to test the hearing and vibratory sensation.
Tuning fork is used to assess bony condunction of ear.
Tuning fork is employ to test the hearing and vibratory sensation
Tunnel is a passage situated through or under a barrier.
Tunnels can either by of the "port redirector" style (which run on top of any TCP / IP stack) or of the network interface variety (below the TCP / IP stack requiring kernel mod).
Tunneling protocols are often used for establishing various types of connections over common protocols, such as HTTP.
A tuple of length n is usually described as an n - tuple.
Turbid is also called "Murky waters"
Turbid is having sediment or foreign particles stirred up or suspended; muddy; cloudy
Turbidity is a Muddiness twisted by stirring up sediment or comprising foreign particles suspended
Turbinate is the scrolled spongy bones of the nasal way in man and other vertebrates.
Turbinectomy is an excision of a turbinate bone (nasal concha)
Turbinotome can be called turbinotomy or turbinectomy
Turbinotomy is incision of a turbinate bone.
The Turbo Gopher protocol was originally developed at the University of Minnesota.
Borland has released three versions of Turbo Pascal for free: versions 1. 0, 3. 02 and 5. 5.
Turgescence is a state of being swollen; also known as tumescence
Turgid is a state distended or Swollen, as from a liquid
Plant cells become turgid when they are put in dilute solutions.
Turgidity is the excellence or condition of being turgid
Turgidity is important so the plant can remain stiff and upright
The turgor plant physiology was studied by the botanist.
The turgor movement phenomenon was observed in the mimosa leaves.
The value of turgor pressure was measured during the process of osmosis.
Each instruction of an arbitrary Turing machine can be coded into a binary numeral.
The turn around strategy has proved successful.
Invoices and inventory stock cards are examples of turnaround documents.
In an online environment, turnaround time is the same as response time.
The turnip is seen to be the important constituent of the salad.
In a turnkey operation, the seller assures the buyer that he is capable of building a project with his own financing and technical capabilities.
Most of the building construction contracts are turn - key projects.
This company will setup a turnkey system for its employees.
Other word for Turn of life is change of life.
Turn of the market is also known as spread.
Turnouts may very according to demand in the market.
Turnouts in the meeting was poor.
Turnover of many commodities increase considerably changing festival season.
Turnover of capital is guided by more than one considerations.
Turnover of deposits is recorded more when short term deposits are more.
The turnover tax is monitored by the sales tax department.
Turtle graphics is a key feature of the Logo programming language.
Tussal is manifested by or, Pertaining to, cough.
Tussis means A cough
Tussis Convulsiva is also known as black  cough.
Tussive is caused by coughing, Pertaining to a cough.
Anti tussive drugs are used to treat the cough.
Tussive Fremitus is an obvious vibration, as sense by the hand positioned on the chest during speaking or coughing.
If you desire display of content as original, you have to make separate adjustments for each source, normally the cable box and the DVD or Blu - ray player.
Twang is A spiky vibrating sound
An operator (op) is said to have a "connection to the twilight zone".
Twin are human being one of a pair much similar to one another; standing the next of kin of a twin to something else; frequently followed by to or with.
This company is famous for manufacturing twin cable.
The vine twiner was seen in the garden that took support of the dry tree.
Twinge is A abrupt sharp feeling. "Twinges of conscience"
dizygotic twins derived from two separate zygotes.
The twisted rope was use to give support to the creeping plant.
Twisted pairs have less bandwidth than coaxial cable or optical fiber.
The length of this twisted pair cable is 5m.
In a market environment twisting * * * * * * * * * * cannot be ruled out.
A twitch is sign of convulsion.
Twitch is a abrupt muscular spasm, esp one rooted by a nervous state
Twitching mean to shift disconnectedly or spasmodically.
Help me to improve two - address code.
In a two - address instruction, one of the operands is overwritten by the result.
The half - subtractor has two inputs, X (minuend) and Y (subtrahend) and two outputs D (difference) and B (borrow).
How to produce all sentences from a two - level grammar?
This is a two - pass assembler written in C on the Turbo C + + 3. 0 IDE.
Two plus one address instruction formats are not common because they require a relatively long instruction format to hold the three address references.
In a two 's - complement system, negative numbers are represented by the two' s complement of the absolute value.
Two - tail test is generally conducted in cases of distributions which are other than normal.
Under two - tier exchange rate, same rates are kept at minimal.
It supports synchronous two - way alternate communication.
Two way clearing has brought improvement in the payment / settlement system in banks.
The two way movements in the share market is annual phenomenon.
Two way quotes provide an opportunity to sell and buy simultaneously.
Two way quotes provide an opportunity to sell and buy simultaneously.
A two - wire circuit uses only one line or channel for transmission of electric waves in both directions.
In a tying contract the linked part has also to be performed.
The tylenchid worms were responsible for the death of the vegetation.
The medicine was found to be effective against tylenchorhynchus worms.
The vegetation is seen to be highly affected by the tylenchulus worms.
The small roundworms, tylenchus were observed to destroy the wheat plantation.
Tyloma is also called callositas, callus, keratoma, poroma, tyle,
Tylosis can be refer in medicine by Diffuse nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
The dark areas in the tree is due to tylosis.
The tymphanal organ of the organisms is observed to be partially developed.
Tympanic membrane is present inbetween middle ear and external ear.
The tympanic cavity is a minute opening nearby the bones of the middle ear.
Tympanic Antrum is also known as Mastoid antrum
Tympanic Ganglion is also called as ganglion tympanicum
Tympanic Membrane is in the ear that vibrates to sound.
Tympanic Plate is a scrawny plate connecting the anterior wall of the exterior acoustic meatus and the posterior wall of the mandibular fossa.
Tympanic Plexus supply the mucosa of the centre ear, mastoid cells, and aural tube, and provide off the smaller surface petrosal nerve to the otic ganglion.
Tympanites is a swelling of the belly which is rooted by the accretion of gas in the intestines or the peritoneal opening
Tympanitic is of or describing to the class of sound elicit by percussing over the exaggerated intestine or over a large pulmonary opening
Tympanitic Abscess is the beridden outbreak as of the Air
tympanitic resonance is the odd sound elicited by percussing a tympanitic stomach.
Tympanitis is the swelling of the middle ear.
Tympanoplasty is a surgical rebuilding of the tympanic membrane and organization of ossicular permanence from the tympanic membrane to the oval window.
Otitis media is disease of tympanum.
Tympanum is the chief opening of the ear; amid the eardrum and the inner ear.
Tympany is also called as tympanites
The tyndall blue phenomenon was observed when the light was focused in the medium.
The difference was observed by referring to the tyndall 's effect concept.
An ampullary type of renal pelvis found in kidney.
The ABO blood group consists of four major blood type, O, A, B, and AB.
Example for type: like the fundamental types used to express the simplest and most essential chemical relations are hydrochloric acid, HCl; water, H2O; ammonia, NH3; and methane, CH4. 5.
TYPE is used mostly to view small ASCII files, like AUTOEXEC. BAT.
Type an application in MS - Word.
This type of plants are grown more nowadays by the farmers.
Type declaration is used to announce the existence of the element to the compiler.
Mangal, Arial Unicode MS are the type faces of Unicode Devnagari.
The type locality of the species was observed to be in this area.
When you switch to Typeover mode using the Insert key, the Word status bar displays the message OVR.
The botanist observed and collected the specimens of the type species.
This is an ornamental design for a type wheel for typewriter.
To display the column pointer, your typewriter terminal must be equipped with a backspace key.
TYPE is used mostly to view small ASCII files, like AUTOEXEC. BAT.
Other name for Typhlitis is cecitis
Typhlosis means loss of sight
Typhoid is an infectious disease normally spread by imperfection of food, milk or water, also directly by sewage, not straight by flies or by defective personal cleanliness.
Typhoid fever is characterized by a continued fever rising in a steplike curve.
Typhoid Fever is also called as Salmonella typhi
Typhoid Fever is An sensitive infectious illness caused by Salmonella typhi and considered by a continued fever, physical and mental sadness, an outbreak of rose - colored spots on the chest and abdomen, tympanites, and diarrhea.
Typhos bacillus is called as Salmonella typhi.
Typhous is pertaining to typhus fever
Typhus is also called jail fever, famine fever, putrid fever, spottled fever, etc
Typhus Fever is a group of severe communicable ailment cause by various species
Typhus Fever is a group of severe communicable ailment cause by various species
Typical is an showing qualities or characteristics which recognize a group or kind or category. "A typical case of arteritis"
The forest is being inhibited by typical organisms of this species.
Valuation of the articles of typical value may be got done by an authorised valuer.
HLA typing tests done in order to determine if a patient has antibodies against a potential donor 's HLA antigens.
Words per minute (WPM) is a measure of typing speed, commonly used in recruitment.
The typological thinking concept was suppressed before but has now reappeared.
Tyriasis is Falling off of the hair; alopecia.
Tyroid is of cheesy steadiness; caseous.
Tyroma is a new enlargement or lump with a caseous or cheesy steadiness.
Tyrranism is a type of sadism characterised by a lust for power and unkindness, with following disgrace of the partner
UDP flood attack is usually effectively accomplished on a corporate network or a public website.
Gastric ulcer is an ulcer of stomach.
Ulcer is A restricted provocative and often suppurating cut on the skin or an internal mucous exterior resulting in necrosis of tissue.
Ulcerate is an experience ulceration. Like "Her stomach ulcerated"
There is a tracheal ulceration
Ulceration is a bounded inflammatory and frequently suppurating wound on the skin.
Ulcerative is connecting to or of or typify by ulceration.
Ulcerative colitis is a type of inflammatory bowel ailment, and it causes swelling, ulcerations, and loss of utility of the large intestine.
Ulcerative Stomatitis is an ailment of the mouth typify by ulcers, swollen spongy gums and loose teeth
Ulcerogenic is Tending to root an ulcer.
Ulcerous is affected with ulceration.
Ulcus is necrosis and disintegration of epithelial tissue
Ulcuscle is known as a small ulcer
Uletic is known as Gumline possessions
Outstanding amount in a loan account is called uliquidated debt.
Ulitis is a react of body tissues to wound or pain; characterize by pain and swelling and redness and heat
Ulna has a ulnar artery lying on it.
The medial and larger of the two bones of the forearm
Ulna is the largest feature eloquent with the humerus at the elbow joint and the negligible part of the ulna eloquent with the carpal bones in the wrist.
Ulnar is Of or pertaining to the ulna, or the elbow; as, the ulnar nerve
Ulnar Vein is solo of many veins of the forearm
The ulothrix algae was observed to be widely present in the lakes.
Ulotrichous is compared to leiotrichous.
It is difficult to know the ulterior motive of the person who never speaks openly.
The delivary of goods was not done as the where abouts of the ultimate consignee was not available.
Satisfaction of the ultimate consumer is most important when somebody enters in any business.
Ultracentrifuge, means of which large molecules, e. g., of protein or nucleic acids, are caused to sediment at practicable rates;
Ultracentrifuge is a high - velocity centrifuge utilized in the division of colloidal or submicroscopic atoms.
Ultrafiltration separates particles of different size in a colloid mixture.
Ultrafiltration is the filtration of a colloidal material throughout a semi permeable means, which permit only the passage of small molecules.
The Intel 486 and Pentium microprocessors are the examples of Ultra Large Scale Integration technology.
Ultramicroscope is used when objects not visible with the ordinary microscope when direct light is used.
Ultramicroscope is a microscope by high - intensity enlightenment employed to learn very minute objects, such as colloidal element, which spread the light and show as bright spots against a dark background.
Ultrasonic properties are used for ultrasonography.
Ultrasonic is having frequencies over those of capable of being heard sound.
The ultrasonic sound waves were used to clear the swimming pool from the algae.
Ultrasound Cardiography is also known as Echocardiography
ultraviolet radiation from 320 to 400 nm that causes skin tanning but is very weakly sunburn - producing and carcinogenic.
Ultraviolet Rays are the longer wavelengths which are essential for the endogenous synthesis of vitamin d and are also called as antirachitic rays
The plant is observed to bear umbel shaped flower clusters.
Umbilectomy is also called OMPHALECTOMY
There is umbilical artery in the umbilical cord.
Umbilical also known as belly button
Umbilical cord supplies nutrition to the fetus by mother.
Umbilical cord supply the blood, and nutrition to fetus.
Umbilical Cord is also called funis.
Umbilical Cord is a Membranous duct linking the fetus with the placenta.
Umbilical Fissure is a fissure on the substandard outside of the liver, running from the substandard border to the left edge of the porta hepatis; it lodge the around ligament of the liver.
Umbilical hernia is removed by surgery.
Umbilical Hernia is also called exomphalos
Umbilical Hernia projection of the omentum and intestine throughout a hernia in the abdominal wall near the navel; typically self - correcting after birth.
Umbilical Region is the center area of the abdomen centered on the navel.
Umbilical Vein is A vein in the umbilical cord; proceeds nutrient blood from the placenta to the fetus.
Umbilical Vesicle is a Membranous formation, which works as the circulatory scheme in mammalian embryos awaiting the heart becomes useful.
Umbilicate is a Depressed like a navel
Umbilicate is a Depressed in the center, akin to a navel, as a flower, fruit, or leaf; navel - shaped;
Is a formation of umilicus at the center of abdomen.
Umbilicourinary is some thing which is related to urine and navel.
Umbilicus is the scar marking the place of entrance of the umbilical cord in the fetus; called also navel.
Umbo is a minor rounded elevation where the malleus connects to the eardrum.
Due to umpire clause in the Right to information Act, people are working more carefully.
Due to unabsorbed depreciation on his car, he could not get the benefit of income tax examptions.
Now a days it is very difficult to hide the unaccounted money.
These comments are always used for unacknowledged operation.
Unadjusted balance in a deposit account can be set off against loan account of the same person.
There are number of unadjusted claims in this branch.
This is an unaided school, hence fees are very high.
The subcidy given for the loan availed for solar water heating system is unallocable for loan availed in any other government scheme.
The unalloted amount will lapse by 31 March of this year.
Increase in rates of comodities is unambiguously inflationary.
This is an unanimous decision of our family to follow non vehicle day in a week.
Summer clothings are unappropriable goods in rainy season.
Unary operation is a Mathematical operation.
The unary operator gives the address of a variable.
Though it is helpful, one should not accept the unauthorised aid from anybody.
Money spent for treatment is considered as unavoidable expenses.
The opposite party criticised the budget presented by the ruleing party as unbalanced budget.
Coaxial cable is an example of unbalanced line.
An example of an unbalanced transmission line is coax.
It is an unbalanced wire circuit.
Banks are trying to open their branches in the unbanked areas of the country.
Though this is a crowdy area of the city, it is an unbanked centre.
Uncal is pertaining to the uncus
Companys authorised capital was 500 crores, out of which 200 crores is uncalled capital.
Ram is having 5 uncashed cheques, which he deposited today.
There is uncertainty of the output.
Uncinaria include Species like, the European hookworm of dogs, cats, and diverse wild carnivores, also found in North America
Uncinariasis Characteristics comprise dyspepsia, anaemia, abdominal swelling and eosinophilia.
Uncinate is connecting to or affecting the uncinate gyrus.
Balances in the account where there is no transaction for certain years, are transferred to controlling offices as unclaimed balances.
The goods was not unloaded from the ship as it was unclaimed consignment.
The clerk is struggling to arrange the unclassified documents.
The branch has enourmous work of sorting unclassified receipts.
Amount deposited in an account can not be withdrawn as the amount is marked as uncleared effect.
The NGO received an uncommitted fund from the government to spend on the welfare of women.
The uncommitted logic array (ULA) is made up of "basic cells," each cell containing some number of transistors and resistors.
When crossing does not exist on the cheque, it is called unconditional character of cheque.
This is an unconditional statement.
This is called unconditional transfer.
The first type of the transfer instructions is an unconditional transfer instruction such as SJMP and SCALL.
By sanctioning unconfirmed credit to the borrower bank has safeguareded its own interest.
Unconfirmed documentary credit is usually sanctioned in import - export business.
Unconscious is that part of the brain in which person is unaware of the things happening around him.
Unconsciousness is a condition missing normal awareness of the self or surroundings.
Due to uncontrolled cost of this product, its prices are going high.
In the case of murder the uncorroborated testimony can not be neglected.
Cantors diagonal proof shows that the set of real numbers is uncountable.
When software uncovers certain functions, it makes those routines available to the programmer through a programming interface (API).
The electrical equipments are uncovered under this policy.
Personal loans are uncovered debts.
Uncovered demand for employment has become a headake for leaders.
Uncrossed cheques can be encashed over the counter.
Unctuous is also called greasy or oily
We can see uncurrent coins in the musiums.
He holds uncurrent scrips of the company which is closed ten years back.
Uncus is any hook - shaped process or part
The worm is uncus and hardly visible through a naked eye.
Undated cheques are not acceptable by the banks for payment.
A set of strings is undecidable if it is impossible to program a computer (even one with infinite memory) to determine whether or not specified strings are included.
This is an undefined procedure.
Records with an undefined record type have no specific record structure.
Undelete files from NTFS, FAT32 drives.
While purchasing the property for development, the builder tries to make under assessment of it.
As this property is under assessment, it is not possible to estimate the its correct price.
Being a backward area, some villages are under banked centres.
Due to under capitalization the company could not grow as fast as estimated at the bigining.
We shall under charge for the services provided by us, if you deposit one lac of rupees with us.
The home dilivary service is under charge.
Your leave application is still under consideration.
As this is an under developed city, the companies providing mobile services are paying more attention towards customer satisfaction.
Under dosage of medicine is not effective to cure the disease.
Due to under employed manpower, the work could not be completed in time.
Due to the situation of under employment, many people are leaving the village.
The purchaser of the old house always under estimates its price to get it at lowest price.
The findings of this survey are under examination.
Under farmer is being trained to perform his duties.
Underfeding causes malnutrion in the child.
The underground stem is being observed in the potato vegetable.
Now a days no country is exampted from underground economy.
The carpenter develops the skill of his under hand to enable him to sustain independently.
under inflation has led to price rise in agricultural products.
To hide taxable income the black marketians use the practice of under invoicing.
Due to under issue of shares the board of directors decided to float debentures.
The lessor will not allow to under lease his property.
This property can not be purchased as it is under lease for ten years.
Under letting of banks property is illigal, hence the under lessee has no right to ask any type of facility.
As the under letting is not allowed by the lessor, it is an illigal acttion.
The underline inflation may be more or less than the actual inflation.
In case of housing loan, the house property is an underlying asset.
In recession period certain products have underlying demand.
In case of housing loan, property against which loan is sanctioned, is underlying mortgage.
Under nutrition is due to lack of proteins, vitamins in the diet.
Papers to be submitted to hon. Court should be under ones hand.
This scheme is prepared to help the under privileged of the society.
Due to under production of crops the prices of wheat have gone up in the sky.
He gave his friend the under proprietary right and developed his business within one year.
Under the proprietary right, this business is owned by his friend.
We accept this decision under protest.
The report under reference is not complete and therefore not acceptable.
the proposal under review is not complete and hence not acceptable.
Due to under sale the company could not achieve the profit target this year.
Underscore this line of the text.
Prior to the advent of word processing, the underscore character was the only method of underlining words.
The reccession compelled him to under sell his property.
Due to lack of publicity the issue was under subscribed.
The landlord gave a written undertaking that the repairs would be carried out as early as possible when required.
Now a days under the table dealing has become a system in the revenue department.
Due to under utilisation of capital the company could not produce desired number of products.
The under valuation of this car is preventing me to sell it.
The damaged condition of the house is the reason of its under value.
All other currencies are under valued currency against doller.
It is better to liquidise the underwater project to save the future loss.
The guarantor underwrites that he will pay the amount of premium if the policyholder fails to pay.
The employer institute is the underwriter on behalf of its employees.
While sanctioning the loan against insurance policy underwriting is done by the banks.
This is an undetected error.
Undifferentiative has a distracted look with multiple non - specific behavior and functions poorly
I am looking for an algorithm which could find all simple paths in an undirected graph efficiently.
An undirected acyclic graph is equivalent to an undirected tree.
Reporting system contains list of undisbursed balances.
Banks have to disburse the sanctioned but undisbursed loan amount before the end of current financial year.
Loans against undischarged deposit receipts is not sanctioned.
Being an undischarged bankrupt he is not liable to avail any type of loan from the bank.
Being an undischarged insolvent debtor the bank dinied to sanction him further loan.
Due to undisclosed factoring the advances has turned out in non performing assets.
He is compelled to pay heavy tax when the undisclosed income discovered suddenly.
The reserve funds of an organisation fall under undistributable reserves.
The credit society decieded to give a gold coin to its customers out of undistributed profits.
An undivided family is an asset in view of saving taxes.
The insurance company has cancelled this policy, therefore the policy holder has come in the situation of undoing cover.
A part of undrawn amount in your SB account, has been transferred to fixed deposit account to give you benefit of higher rate of interest.
If the undrawn balance in your SB account will be invested in term deposit, you will get benefit of better rate of interest..
Undue credit expansion finally converts the loan amount in to non performing asset if not monitered properly.
Being a branch manager one should avoid undue discrimination among his customers.
Undulant Fever is a communicable bacterial ailment of human beings transmit by get in touch with infected animals or impure meat or milk products; characterize by fever and headache.
Undulation is a wavelike look, outline, or type.
He has unearned income from his uncle who left the will declaring him his heir.
Government loans to the people below poverty line are uneconomical for the banks
The property received in heirship has become uneconomic holding due to family dispute.
The government wants to close the uneconomic units to avoid further loss.
Now a days lack of computer literacy is considered as unemployability of a person.
The arts graduate not having computer knowledge is unemployable in this software company.
The country should make use of its unemployed resources by exploring posibilites.
Care should be taken while declaring unemployment benefit that the beneficiary should not become lazy or avoid to work.
This house can be sold any time as the unencumbered ownership of this property belongs to me.
As this is an unencumbered security I can get amount of the same without any obstruction.
Unendurable is unable to be undergone or stand; unbearable
In this case the testmony of the customer is unenforceable.
The underdeveloped countries have the features of unexhaustive economies.
The unexpended balance of the budget provided for education was utilised for agriculture.
As this bill has an unexpired usance, you can not claim the consignment.
As this bill has an unexpired usance, you can not claim the consignment.
The unfair competition between two banks is not benificial for both of them.
He has appealed to the higher authorities against his unfair dissmissal.
The success achieved using unfair means never gives satisfaction.
Nobody speaks against unfair trade practices as every body is involved in the same directly or indirectly.
The unfavourable balance of trade is a warning for the trader.
The unfavourable rate of exchange causes loss to the foreign currency holder.
Due to globleization we are moving to the unfettered markets.
In dectetorship the dectator has unfettered powers.
He was found unfit for promotion
People protested against the unforeseen charges charged as entrance fee in that art exibition.
Due to unforeseen contigencies his home budget was disturbed.
Due to an accident he was admitted in the hospital and incurred unforeseen expenditure.
This is an unformatted disk.
Write a FORTRAN unformatted record having different data types.
Due to changing quantity of hypothicated items in godown, borrower has to depend on unfunded debt.
The company decided to treat the unfunded income as profit.
Unguentum is an ointment used to apply on the wound
All unguided media suffer from a common set of problems.
Unguis is one of the fatal hooks on the bottom of an bug.
The yellow colored flowers of the plant are unguis.
Ungula is a part or section of a cone, cylinder
Uni is one example one heart.
Uniaxial is having one axis
Each unicast client which connects to the server takes up additional bandwidth.
To get a better understanding of IP multicasting, it is helpful to compare it to the process of IP unicasting.
Virus is unicellular microorganism, either RNA or DNA.
Unicellular is made up of a solitary cell, as the microorganisms or protozoa.
Commonly Amoebas are unicellular but they can also sometimes be multi - cellular.
Unicode consists of a repertoire of more than 100, 000 characters.
Unicorn is a single - horned animal of some unidentified kind, so called in the Authorised Version of the Scriptures.
The mango leaf was observed to be unicostate.
The half burnt notes are considered as unindentifiable notes.
The government should issue an unified bond for the benefit of people.
The unified exchange rate regime is useful for the company involved in import - export business.
Recognising the usefulness of unified exchange rate regime, the europeon countries are using euro currency.
The non - implementation of unified scale of pay is one of the reasons of unsatisfaction among the employees.
The unified stock kept in that big warehouse outside the city, is convineant for the financial institutions.
The government has controlled the price of suger by implementing uniform agricultural price structure for the sugarcane producers.
The uniform balance book for different financial institutions, makes the job of auditors easy.
The employees do not get chance for complaints easily if uniform code is implemented in the institutions.
If the companies providing mobile phone services implement uniform costing, they will receive less no. of complaints.
Complications will be minimised if uniform customs and practices are adoopted in the international business.
There is a provision of uniform margin for the consumer loans in all the banks.
The uniform rate of exchange is convineant for the people engaged in foreign trade.
The URL of Rajbhasha Vibhag is http: / / rajbhasha. gov. in.
Unilateral is Carry out or take on by only one side.
Unilateral Hemianopia is loss of vision in one - half of the optical pasture of single eye only
A strongly connected graph is also unilaterally connected, and a unilaterally connected graph is also weakly connected.
At the time of loan settlement, relief given to the borrower is unilateral relief, because it is benificial to the borrower and not to the bank.
To avoid carring huge sums the unilateral transfer facility is used by the businessman.
The cyst when viewed through a microscope was observed to be unilocular.
The unimpaired capital in any trade gives feeling of security.
selling of homemade pickles comes under the category of unincorporated trading.
One should not consider any risk as uninsurable risk, because miracles can happen any time.
The unintended financial benefits incurred by selling old shares has changed his life.
Different rating UPSs will provide power for different lengths of time.
Uniocular diplopia in a person
Uniocular is, pertaining to, Of, or hold in, single eye; monocular.
The microscope is uniocular and hence can be viewed from a single eye.
Union is the structural adhesion or rising jointly of the limits of a wound.
The head quarters of union excise duties is situated in Delhi.
The sky blue pant and shirt is the union insignia of our cricket team.
Uniovular is a condition, two offspring born of the same pregnancy and developed from a single fertilized ovum
Uniovular is to have a single ovule.
Unipara is a lady who has borne only one child
Uniparous is to Have formed merely one progeny
The insect species is studied to be uniparous in nature.
Unipennate is indicateing certain muscle amid fibres operation at an acute angle from one side of a tendon.
Unipolar is to have a solitary pole.
Unipolar signaling makes use of a positive (+) voltage and a null or zero voltage.
Most personal computers are uniprocessors.
This is a unique Machine Translation system for Sanskrit to Hindi.
In computer science, Unique key is a key that identifies each record and determines the sequence of records in a file or other data structure.
Clear voice and better picture quality is the unique selling point of the T. V. set.
Government is trying to provide water facility for unirrigated land.
The flower is unisexual as it bears only stamens.
The company has decided to issue the portion of the unissued capital.
A company has a larger portion of unissued stock.
Liver is structural and functional unit of the body.
A ten unit insulin injection is given to diabetic patient.
Unit is any separation of amount acknowledged as a standard of measurement or exchange. Eg "Change per unit volume"
This is first unit.
The fourth - level provides the unit address for multi - unit devices.
This is a unitary code.
Under core banking, all banks have adopted unit banking system.
In india Unit Trust of India has started unit benefit plan.
The relation of the unit characters and the chromosomes was studied.
Each I / O request interrupts an operating system to assign a base and related unit control block to the input / output requests.
Considering the unit cost of operation the selling price of this procuct is determined.
The length of the longest diagonal of a unit cube of n dimensions is the square root of n.
Considering the importance of this project, the bank accepted to grant united credits.
If there is no unit elasticity between demand and supply in any tradeing unit, the producer has to face many problems.
This Uniterm system is now only of historical interest.
The unit handling cost is increased due to heavy taxes.
The unit linked insurance plan is very attractive, as the invester receives returns in the form of NAV.
Unit mobile is service provided outside the hospital.
The producer of any type of production has to pay attention towards many things while unit pricing.
This is an invalid unit string.
Unit testing is commonly automated, but may still be performed manually.
The Atoms after examination was found to be univalent.
UARTs are commonly used in conjunction with other communication standards such as EIA RS - 232.
The universal banking is easily available now a days which was considered impossible some time ago.
The implementation of UCS is still in its infancy.
Universal Donor is a being who is a type O Rh - negative blood can be securely transfused into persons with other blood types.
It would appear to be advantageous to have a universal flip - flop which could be externally programmed by means of one or more logic signals to operate as any one of the four basic kinds of flip - flops.
Every set A is a subset of universal set U since, by definition all elements of A belong to U.
The USRT contains some simple hardware functions in order to simplify the software implementation of a synchronous serial link.
The Indian people take in to consideration the universal value of the gold while investing in it.
The red lily beetles is univoltine.
Unix is widely used for mission critical applications, and its components are world class standards.
We preprocess the data on Unix boxes before handing it up to the mainframe.
Unix Wizard is required at some corporations and to most headhunters.
He offered all the unlawful consideration to Balaji Temple but this action could not saved him from the police.
If any body finds the cheque which was lost, kindly return to me, because it is not easy to encash it for a unlawful holder.
The unlimited company has to be responsible to many people.
Due to its unlimited liability the company was declared by the court as bankrupt.
He had to face maximum loss due to his unlimited partnership responsibility.
Due to the poisonus gas many people were killed but the responsible company could not pay their heirs because of unliquidated damages.
Please do not invest in unlisted stock, it may cause heavy losses.
The unloading charges are included in the bill of this goods.
When people came to know about the malpractices in the company, unloading of shares took place.
Even after scrutinising the books of accounts for the last year, we could not find the reasons of unlocated loss.
Unlock the mobile phone.
The big containers kept on the port are containing unmanifested goods, hence they are unloaded from the ship.
At first sight it seems to be a unmatched transaction, but actually it is a planned scheme.
He lost his capital in the unmatured transaction as he had no experience of the business.
In computer program, Unmodified instructions are those instructions which are systematically changed to obtain the actual instructions.
Homosexuality in india is unnatural offence.
Since one year this account was an unoperated account, and suddenly the account holder has become active.
Due to the entry of unpaid bills pertaining to the last year, many changes had to be made in the records of the bank.
The welth of any country is always in the form of unparted bullion.
The progress of the country is uncertain if it has a unplanned economy.
Gold is valueable even it is in the unprocessed form.
Investment in any business enitially, is always an unproductive investment.
He failed in the entrance exam and declared unqualified.
This bank has increased the number of its future customers by allowing the students to open an unqualified account with zero balance.
In addition to main securities he produced the unquoted securities and his loan proposal was sanctioned easily.
It deletes unreferenced labels and unreachable code.
The unrealised appreciation account in the books of accounts is for only mental satisfaction of the account holder.
Until than we encash it, there is no use of unrealised capital gain.
Due to the death of the borrower and no information of the where abouts of the heirs and gauranters, the balance loan amount is treated as unrecoverable advance.
Many times, an unrecoverable error may reboot the computer or electronic device.
These bonds released by the company will be unredeemable for three years.
Some times one can make huge money in the unregulated market.
The company decided to issue its unreleased stock.
It may be unremunerative to invest in the shares of that company as it is incurring losses these days.
Though it is an unrequited export, he belives that he will get his money soon.
The list of borrowers interested in loans under government scheme was so big, that the manager relied on unrestricted random sampling.
Unsaturated is an able of captivating up, or of uniting with, assured other element or compounds, with no removal of any side product
Unsaturated fats are thought to lesser blood cholesterol level and are establish at high levels in vegetable oils (olive oil, safflower oil, etc.)
As it is an unsecured loan, bank is paying full attention towards it.
Considering the credit of the borrower, the bank decided to sanction him unsecured loan.
The bank sanctions unsecured loan to its employees to purchase twowheelers.
Every financial institution is an unsecured creditor.
The bank has taken a big risk by sanctioing unsecured loans and advances to a person who is not creditworthy.
By giving unsecured loans & advances to their relatives, the directors put the realiability of the bank on stake.
Though he has repaid all the loan amount, some amount of interest is still due, hence he is an unsettled account holder.
Unshielded Twisted Pair (UTP) is the primary wire type for telephone usage and is very common for computer networking.
The unskilled labour should acquire any skill in any field, so that he can grab the employment.
Unsound mind can causes offence
Some times there will be huge loss due to unstable exxchange rate.
JAVA, C + + etc. are the unstratified language.
Unstriated Muscle is also called as Smooth muscle
Please unsubscribe me from your mailing list.
It shows an unsuccessful call between SSP A and SSP B.
A good manager tries to investigate the untapped potential within his staff.
Banks always tell to their staff to pay attention towards untapped sources for deposit mobilization.
Untar this file to burn it on a CD.
To waste time during office hours is untenable.
Considering the social importance of that project, the bank has offered untied aid to that project.
This ticket is untransferable.
Ununited Fracture is a fracture in which join up be unsuccessful to happen
We should use fully our unutilised capacity.
A unit to which bank denied to sanction loans stateing that it is an unviable unit, now it is earning huge profits.
The service charges more than the priscribed rate will come under unvouched charges.
Unwary depositor attracts losses himself.
This deposit will mature after 10 years, hence is called unwinding investment.
Due to the liberal policy of the state government, many upcoming industries are trying to establish in this state.
The upcountry advices tell that there is a crusial famine situation in the country.
He resigned from his service because he was transferred to upcountry branch.
Because the lac of means of transport, upcountry centres collection is very difficult.
Even the upcountry client feels the friendly atmousfare in this branch.
As he was the upcountry client, he did not get the loan from this branch.
The upcountry market also influences the economy of the country.
For the upcountry operators the bank has started a service named banking at your door step.
Avoid update anomalies.
This is an updated file.
Updating our information level is the only mantra to sustain in present competitive situation.
This website needs regular updating.
Up / down counter circuits are very useful devices.
Many dealers deliver the product after payment of upfront charges, and then demand the balance amount.
According to the tax calculations on upfront income, he need not to pay any tax this year.
Examination qualified persons need to be upgraded
Upgrade your OS with Windows Vista.
I can not uphold that now a days one should consider the curruption as system / practice.
Ethernet switches typically have an uplink port for connecting to another switch or hub.
I uploaded my snaps on Orkut.
Most people do a lot more downloading than uploading.
The uploading of signatures of the customer or the employee in the computer system has realeased the banks from headake of tallying signatures.
Upper is the senior in place, pose, or rank
Define an upper bound.
Upper Extremities is also called as membrum superius, superior limb, thoracic limb,
Both hands are called upper limb.
A weakness in the upper limb in the paralysis.
Loading a device driver into the upper memory area frees more bytes of conventional memory for other programs.
Due to the upselling of the product, he has to increase its production.
The upset price of the house of the customer who failed to repay the loan, is Rs. 20 lacs.
An upstream provider is usually a large ISP that provides Internet access to a local ISP.
Due to upswing in economy opportunities of employment have increased.
Uptake is the procedure of captivating food into the body through the mouth (as by eating)
Due to stability in share market over a period of time, uptern in investment has become possible for general public.
Users of Windows XP Professional, Windows Server 2003 and Windows Vista systems can type systeminfo at the Command Prompt to display all system information, including the System Up Time.
Upward compatibility is very important when maintaining procedures.
Shortage of comodities in turn works as upward pressure on prices.
Considering the upward trend in banking shares, it will be adviseable to invest in banking shares.
Uraemia is a accretion in the blood of nitrogenous waste stuff (urea) which are typically excreted in the urine.
Uraemic Amaurosis is also known as Uraemic colitis
Uraemic Convulsions is owing to uremia, or preservation in the blood of material that must have been eliminate by the kidneys
Uraniums yellow oxide is employed to instruct to glass a subtle greenish - yellow tint which is accompany by a strong fluorescence, and its black oxide is employed as a pigment in porcelain painting.
Urate is a chemical salt
Uratic is to gout or pertaining to urates.
Other name for Uratic Diathesis is Urate oxidase
An urban government hospital
Rural banks have to compete with urban banks.
A lot of youngsters are seen to make their career in the field of urban forensic entomology.
The specimen of the flower was found to be urceolate.
Urea is a chief solid part of mammalian urine; synthesize from ammonia and carbon dioxide and employed as fertilizer and in animal feed and in plastics
pertaining to or Of urea; containing, or consisting of, urea
Uremic is Of or connecting excess nitrogenous squander products in the urine.
Other name of Ureometer is urometer, Ureameter, Areometer, Reometer
Uresis is Also called emiction, miction, micturition,
It carries urine from kidney to urinary baldder there are two urerers in the body.
Ureter is a pair of thick - walled tubes which take the from the kidney to the urinary bladder.
Ureteral is pertaining to or emanate from the ureter.
Ureteralgia is dull pain in the ureter
Ureterectomy is cutting out of a ureter.
Ureteric catheterization is done for the diagnosis of kidney disease.
Ureteritis is a reply of body tissues to wound or annoyance; branded by pain and swelling and rosiness and heat
Ureterocele is a Prolapse of the finish of the ureter into the bladder; might hinder urine flow.
Urethra excrete the urine.
Urethritis is due to infection of microoganism.
In condition of urgency we have facility of Emergency calling.
Uricosuriya is condition in the gout, or urinary calculus.
Urinal is a basic condition for any public place for healthy environment.
Urinalysis is done for diagnosis of diseases.
There are number of urinary disorders which are either disease or conditions.
The urinary system is an organic system; that processes the blood and drains the abstracts of the blood.
Urinary bladder is a vital part in urinary process.
A stenosis in the urinary meatus is abnormal condition of urine.
Urine has yellow to amber colored due to urobilin.
Urine examination is done for diagnosis of disease.
Urine retention is due to enlargement of prostate gland in the male.
Urticaria is due to allergy of food or plant or medicine.
To make people to work more than precribed working hours has become an undesirable usage of trade.
Kindly make the payment before the expiry of usance otherwise your credit is on stake.
Before making payment of this usance bill, kindly get it sanctioned as per the procedure.
Before making payment of this usance bill, kindly get it sanctioned as per the procedure.
This usance promissory note is valid up to fifteenth of next month.
The Usenet is the most popular and the most extensive collection of bulletin boards in the world.
NNTP is the protocol used for the Usenet news system.
I am a moderator of an Usenet news - group.
There is a usenet group, news: rec. humor. oracle. d, which is populated by a variety of participants in the Usenet Oracle.
I am the only user of this computer.
User Acceptance Testing is a critical phase of any 'systems' project and requires significant participation by the 'End Users'.
How to change the user agent in the Mozilla Firefox browser?
Please login to access user area.
This is a more advance method of user authentication.
The user cost of certain things is different in different parts of the country.
User Datagram Protocol (UDP) is usually used for transfer small amounts of data.
"# Scalar functions", "# Inline table - valued functions" and "# Multistatement table - valued functions" are the three types of User - Defined Function (UDF) in Microsoft SQL Server 2000.
As this software is user friendly, anybody can use it who has primary knowledge of computer.
LILA - Rajbhasha is a user - friendly Hindi e - learnig software.
For accessing your e - mail account, you should remember your User Identification (UID).
The operating system uses the User Identifier (uid) to represent the user in its data structures.
More and more websites are developing innovative user interface designs.
A user can have only one user login script.
In Windows and most modern operating systems, there is a distinction between code that is running in "user mode", and code that is running in "kernel mode".
My Gmail user name is "smartboy29".
My user profile is available on Orkut social networking site.
The main user program is the installation program that is run on the target computer.
One user structure is allocated for each active process.
This small - sized user terminal connects to a PC either via a USB cable or directly to the PC 's USB port.
At first you arrange for usual margin, then only the loan amount will be disbursed.
At the time of disaster, many lives can be saved by adopting usual safeguards.
Initially the usurious loan satisfies the needs of the borrower, but after that it becomes burdon.
Though the government has tried a lot, but usury exists not only in villages but also in cities.
It is better for the people to keep away the usury lending.
Uterus is has parts fundus, body, isthumus, and cervix.
Female mammals are non fertile if they don 't have the Uterine.
Uterine bleeding is abnormal condition due to disease of uterus.
An uterine haemmorhage is due to abortion.
Uterine inertia is due to multiple pregnancy
Uterine inertia is abnormal condition during labor.
Uterine rupture may be during curretage of uterus.
Uterine sedative relaives the pain and contraction of uterus.
An Uterine sounds is used to measure the depth of uterine cavity
Uterus produces menstruation and fertilizes egg, implants and develops into embriyo.
The light bulb of an avocado resembles uterus.
Utilization of vitamine in the body
A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users.
"buildIndent" is a utility routine to build a string that can be used to indent a line by a certain size.
considering the utmost good faith between bank and the customer, it is decided not to lodge any complaint against you.
The things which were considered utopian planning some years ago, now they have changed into reality.
The utterer of coin is imprisoned now a days.
Mr. Ahuja was appointed at the vacant post of senior accountant.
Vaccination is given for the prevention from communicable diseases.
Vaccination certificate is a proof of vaccination
Vaccinator is used to carry the vaccines.
vaccine is used to provide immunity against disease.
vaccine is adminstered in the body through oral, subcutaneous, intradermal, intramuscular rout.
Vaccinia is a virus of the genus Orthopoxvirus.
There is generalized vaccinia and progressive vaccinia.
Examination showed presence of aquaporins in vacuolar membrane.
vacuole was observed when specimen was planted under the microscope.
Vagal attack. causes palpitation, chest pain, respiratory difficulties, and disturbances in gastric motility.
Vagina is extending from the uterus to the vulva.
Leaf bud was seen to germinate from vagina.
Vaginal smear is used to determine the stage of reproductive cycle.
This part of the vagina vera was observed to be very thick.
Vaginismus prevents intercourse.
Vaginitis is caused by bacteria, fungus, worm, protozoal infection.
Vagotomy is done to reduce acid secretion in the stomach
Vagus is the mixed nerve, having motar and sensory functions.
Vagus caused by congenital absence of radius bone or by trauma.
Both my user name and passwords are valid.
We know that you are his legal heir, but its validation is necessary.
The W3C Validation Service validates multiple versions of XHTML and HTML.
Separate numbers are given to different types of validations, which is called validation code.
A validation protocol has been developed by this company.
Validation Testing is the responsibility of the tester.
After the validity date this application will not be taken in to consideration.
The valid name of the group was mentioned in the journal.
After the death of Sethji, the valid nomination saved his wife from further complications.
We got valid sanction for the construction of this road and then only have started the work.
IN the valley of depression, every employee is under the fear of losing job.
The government is adopting many methods for valorisation to secure its own stability.
Doctors fees can be a valuable consideration of his services given to the patients.
The paintings made by M. F. Hussain are considered as valuables.
While selling his flat, the buyer demanded for the valuation of the property.
Various Euorpean countries for the sake of convineance of trade between them were in need of valuation basket for their currencies.
The house for which you want loan from our bank, you have to pay valuation charges to the authorised valuar of the bank over the valuation fees.
The house for which you want loan from our bank, you have to pay valuation charges to the authorised valuar of the bank.
While selling old property at current market rate to the builder, the seller received valuation gains.
The valuation of any goods or services done according to the valuation method is appropriate.
A scroll bar is a Valuator device.
In the laboratory reference values are used.
To value the things to be auctioned is his duty and he is paid for it.
By accepting your principals, I have accepted the value of them.
The value of this file is 8MB.
Telenet and Tymnet are examples of value - added networks.
This Value Added Reseller (VAR) provides you an opportunity to purchase PCs at wholesale rates.
To avoid to pay value added tax, the shopkeepers insist on cash transaction.
You cannot estimate the value at risk in this compaign because my life is on stake.
After the value date of this deposit no interest will be paid
Though the value in account of this computer is Rs. Two thousand, you can sell it for Rs. Ten thousand because it is in good condition.
Due to inflation, value in exchange of Rupee with Doller has decreased.
Do not look at the fees of this course, see the value in use.
He, who knows the value of money, keeps control on his expenditure.
The interest rates have fell down, therefore the value of money also decreased.
I currently have a multi - value parameter which has a long list of values.
The value payable of this idol is very less, but for me the emotional value is very high.
On the basis of the value decided by the valuer, bank decides the amount of loan to be disbursed for purchase of old property.
The valvate nature of the calyx was observed.
There is tricupid valve and bicuspid valve in the heart.
Mitral valve controls the opening from the left aurical to the left ventrical.
Flow of liquid, gas or loose material in bulk may be stoped, started or regulated.
It was observed that the valve prevented movement of fluid in the opposite direction.
Mitral baloon valvotomy is effective in mitral stenosis.
The movement of the egg in a distal direction was falicitated by the vulvulae.
The location of the valvular apparatus was carefully identified.
As there is no colabration of foreign companies in this project, the construction work of this bridge comes under vanila project.
This is a "vanilla PC," with all standard components.
Vannal fold was observed in the examined wing of the specime insect.
Vnannal vein is seen to give support and definite shape to the wing of the insect.
In ancient period vannus was used for harvesting.
Many companies announce vaporware in order to prove that their R & D; departments are still full of new ideas.
To increase the customer base, banks offer variability of investment to their present customers.
In research dependent variable is influenced by the independent variable.
Any user can add, modify, or remove a user environment variable.
The capital invested in this project is variable capital, which can change according to the change in the project.
As this project is completed after two years than its precribed date, it is facing problem of variable cost.
The last variable field in a record ends with both a field terminator and a record terminator.
A variable - length field will be mapped to a fixed - length field by the database driver.
The size of Variable Length Record changes from Computer to Computer.
The first character of a variable name must be an alphabetic character.
Due to the variable overhead cost of this project, the total expenditure has increased in multiples.
In the meeting of a cooperative housing society, the variable reserve ratio for maintenance of building was decided by the members.
Rise in petrol prices has become variables in the life of common man.
The more variance between the rate of interest on deposits and advances, is profitable to the banks.
This particular variant crop was seen to be used by most of the farmers.
For reviews, a variant field should be available.
There is variation in the finger prints of each person.
There is variation between individuals of a certain species or class.
The variation in the products is the secret of our business.
Variations were observed in the offsprings of the parents.
Let the production start first, but there should not be any variation in qualities.
Because there is variation in qualities in same products manufactured by two companies, the class of buyers is different.
Varicella is a self - limited disease.
Varicella is caused by the varicella - zoster virus.
Varicella is marked by a sparse eruption of papules, which become vesicles and then pustules.
Varicosity of vein is promoted and aggravated by pregnancy, obesity and prolonged standing.
As there is a varied margin according to the type of loan, the borrower has to arrange for the same.
There are variety of diseases and treatments
The variety of this type of species is not being traced nowadays.
Variola is considered to have been completely erradicated from the word.
Varum Genu is associated with lax ligaments which increases the risk of injuries on the outside of the knee
Varus manus is abnormal condition may be congenital or traumatic.
Penis is a vascular organ.
Vascular sysem is composed of arteries, capillaries and veins.
The open casular system is being observed in this type of organisms.
The vasular bundles were observed when the leaf veins were mounted under a microscope.
Vascularisation occursespecially in tissues where circulation has been impaired by disease or trauma.
The vascular tissue system of the plant was destroyed by the forest fire that broke out.
Vasa deferens transports the sperm from each testies to the ejaculatory duct.
The vas deferens was observed to be a spiral structure.
Bilateral Vasectomy is succesful method to produce sterility.
Vasectomy is performed in association with prostatectomy.
Swelling of the vas efferens was observed in the organism.
Vaseline is used for skin soothing.
Vasoconstriction is done by some medicine.
vasodilation is done by some vasodilator medicine.
Vasopressor is used in hypotension.
Mumbai and Surat are vatals of the bullion trade.
To open the vault, number code is required.
Vector like fly, mosquito etc transmits an causative organisums of diseases from infected to non infected individuals.
Vector is capable of transmitting an infectious agent among vertebrates.
Vector containers are implemented as dynamic arrays.
The mosquito was seen to be the main vector of malaria.
A lot of strategies are being used to control the malarial vector spread.
The diseas spread is occring at a very fast rate due to high vector density.
A vector generator is designed and built as a peripheral for a minicomputer.
This website is dedicated to free vector graphics.
The effect of temperature on the vectoral capacity was studied by the experts.
There are many possible ways to choose a vector norm with these properties.
Some vegetables are used as food.
The vegetable kingdom is observed to have a lot of species as compared to the animal kingdom.
This vegetative mold is seen to cause rapid growth of the plant that Is being examined..
The vegetative body of the fungi was seen to be very much variable.
The vegetative cell was kept in a highly nutritive medium.
Experiments were carried out to study the variation of the vegetative production.
The vegetative reproduction of the plant stem was carried out by the botanist.
Vaginal speculum is used for examination of vagina and cervix.
vehicles consequently act as important sources of infection.
Vehicle is used as a medium to give bulk for the administration of medicines.
All veins except the pulmonary carry dark unoxygenated blood.
The veins of these plant species are observed to be denser and spongy in appearance.
The secondary veinlets were observed to be very much delicate.
Velamen was observed in the roots of the orchid plant species.
The velocity of currency circulation of small notes is more than others.
The velocity of money circulation in small notes is more than others.
Considering the velocity ratio of notes, the quantity of notes to be printed is decided by the government.
The velum of the plant was seen to be soft and spongy in nature.
The velum of the mushroom is seen to have a ringed structure.
He got bit by a velvet ant.
The diameter of the Vena arcuate was being measured.
The venation of the wing of the mosquito was studied.
The venation of the plant leaf is seen to be parallel.
The new budget has adversely affected the vendees buying power.
The vendors of various types of services have now come under the service tax provision.
Venereal diseases are spread by sexual contact with a infected person.
Venn diagrams show how items relate to each other.
Venom causes poisoning in the body.
Venous blood is taken for blood tranfusion.
Venous blood is usually dark red as a result of a lower content of oxygen.
Normaly venous pulse is undulating and scarcely palpable but in tricuspid regurgitation, it is pronounced.
The sperm will travel to the venter and will fertilize it.
Pulmonary ventilation is the inspiration and expiration of air from the lungs.
Ventilator is used in cases of respiratory failure.
In humans ventral indicates front side of the body.
The legs of the insect are ventral in position.
The ventral canal cell was seen to be replaced as the egg approached maturity.
The dissection of the ventral ganglion was placed in the medium.
There is right and left ventricle present in the heart.
Ventricular is Referring to a ventricle of the brain or heart
Ventricular Fibrillation is a cardiac arrhythmia noticeable by fast depolarizations of the ventricular myocardium.
The ventricular region of the insect was seen to have scales.
Ventriculitis is communicable disease swelling of cerebral ventricles, mainly common in infants, root by gram - negative bacilli or group B streptococci,
Ventriculocisternostomy is surgical formation of a contact between the third ventricle and the interpeduncular cistern, for drainage of cerebrospinal fluid.
Ventriculography is radiography of a ventricle of the heart after injection of a contrast medium.
Ventriculus is also known as a ventricle.
Ventriculus is a Thick - walled muscular small bag below the crop in lots of birds and reptiles for grinding food.
The ventriculus was observed to have a very thick wall in this type of insects.
Ventrofixation is a fixation of a viscus, e. g., the uterus, to the abdominal wall.
Ventrosuspension is fixation of a viscus like the uterus, to the abdominal wall.
The main company made available venture capital for its sister concern to allow it to develop quickly.
Considering the venture capital invested in the new business, it is necessary to work hard for the development of the business.
Venule connect the capillaries with larger veins.
Group of venule forms a main vein.
Venule is any of the small vessels which bring together blood from the capillary plexuses and link to form veins.
Verbal Agraphia is incapability to write, regularly as a result of a brain lesion
In the banking system some times verbatim meaning of words used, may cause humour or deasaster.
Verbigeration is compulsive recurrence of meaningless words and phrases, particularly as a symptom of mental illness
Verdict of doctor is taken as expert witness.
verge isthe cavity of the anus on the surface of the body.
Verification of blood examiniation is done to diagnose the disease.
During the varification of account it is observed that tax at sourse was not deducted.
At the time of verification of cash balance the auditor observed that it was short by certain amount.
On the basis of verification of testimony the court said that the evidence of the witness is not realiable.
Albendazole is most popular vermicide.
Vermicide is Parasitology An agent which kills intestinal parasites
The vermicide composition is mentioned in detail on the cover.
Vermicular is wormlike in shape or look.
Vermiform is also called as lumbrical.
Some organs or living organs appear as vermiform.
Vermiform Appendix is a supplementary, accessory, or dependent part fix to a main structure.
Vermifugal is rooting explusion of parastic intetinal worms.
Vermifuge is medicine taken orally for purgation of worms.
Vermifuge is an representative which root the evacuation of intestinal parasitic worms.
Vermin causes skin diseases.
Vermin is Any of diverse minute animals or insects, such as rats or cockroaches, which are destructive, annoying, or injurious to health.
Verminal is a verminous disease.
Vermination is A gripe of the bowels
Verminous is swarming among vermin
Vermis is any formation or part like a worm in shape
Vermis is The narrow middle part of the cerebellum among the two hemispheres.
Vernacular is The standard native language of a country or area.
Vernal Catarrh is also called as Allergic conjunctivitis, spring conjunctivitis, spring ophthalmia, vernal catarrh, vernal keratoconjunctivitis
Vernalization is being practiced by a lot of agriculturists in order to make more profit.
The vernation pattern of different species was studied by the botanist.
Vernix Caseosa is A white cheese like protective material which wrap the pelt of a fetus.
Verruca is also known as verruga, wart
Verruca Necrogenica is a hyperplasic epidermal cut with a horny outside
Verruca Vulgaris is a typically happening on the dorsa of the hands and fingers.
Verruciform is like or formed like a wart.
Verrucuous is a minutely verrucose; as, a verruculose leaf or stalk.
Version may be occur naturally or may be done mechanically to facillate delivary.
Version is the circumstances of a limb or division in relative to an established normal position.
The goldsmith who purchases the stolen ornaments has earned a lot of money through versus purchase.
In humans, there are usually 33 vertebrae: 7 cervical, 12 thoracic, 5 lumbar, 5 sacral and 4 coccygeal.
Vertebra is One of the bony section of the spinal column.
Vertebral is containing or consisting of vertebrae.
Vertebral Arch is also called neural arch.
Vertebral Colum provides protection t the spinal cord from injury.
Vertebral colum providing support and forming a flexible bony case for the spinal cord.
Vertebral Column is also called columna vertebralis, backbone, dorsal spine, rachis, spina dorsalis, spina, spina, spinal column, spine, vertebrarium.
Vertebral Foramen is the cavity amid the neural arch and the body of a vertebra via which the spinal cord passes.
Vertebral Fusion is also employ in those who need spine stabilisation owing to vertebral injure from ruptures discs, fractures, osteomyelitis, osteoarthritis or tumour.
Vertebrarium is also called vertebral column.
Vertebrate is having a spinal column
Other word for Vertebrosternal is sternovertebral.
Vertex is a landmark in craniometry
Vertex is the part of the fetal head surrounded by the planes of the trachelobregmatic and biparietal diameters, with the later fontanel at the apex.
In computer graphics, usually vertices are given in terms of x -, y -, and z - coordinates.
The vertex of the plant is seen to have a lighter shade of green.
The problem of finding a minimum vertex cover is a classical optimization problem in computer science.
Vertex presentation of foetus is the force upon the last cervical vertebra of an animal, particularly of one whose labyrinth contain been shattered and the vestibular nuclei isolated, root recreation or abridged tone of all four limbs.
spinal cord has vertical position in the body.
Vertical is Something which is familiarize vertically.
The plant shot is seen to run vertical as compared to other creepers.
Normally any business do not agree for vertical merger, because it affects its credit as well as profitability.
While investing in a company which has vertical mobility, one has to think properly.
While investing in this company we have considered its vertical mobility.
The Vertical resistance offered by this gene against the pathogen was studied in detail.
The vertical section of the harvesting gadget was being shown to the agricultural students.
The verticillaster phenomenon is observed in this type of species.
Vertiginous is containing or rooting a rotating sensation; liable to falling.
Vertigo may be caused by variety of entities, middle ear disease, toxic condition due to alcohal or drug..
Vertigo is a feeling of uneven or rotating motion, either of oneself or of external objects, often roots by inner ear ailment.
The microprocessor is a VLSI device.
Vesania was formed in the year 1997 with three members:
Vesanic os of or related to Vesica
Vesica is A magnificence, or aureole, of elliptical shape, or composed of two arcs of circles typically represent as surrounding a divine personage.
Vesicae Urinaria is even known as cystis urinaria, urocyst, urocystis
A calculus in the vescile is called as vesicular calculus.
Vesical is of or telling to a vesica, esp the urinary bladder
Vesical Colic are also called as venae vesicales.
Vesical Plexus is a construction in the type of a network, mostly in nerves, blood vessels, or lymphatic
Vesical Uvula is a small mass of fleshy bandanna that hangs from the rear of the soft palate.
Vesicant used in chemical warfare.
Vesicant is a burning agent, particularly mustard gas, used during chemical combat
Vesication is to blister or turn into scorched.
Vesicles are seen in herpes zooster, chicken pox, prickly heat, small pox, etc.
Vesicle is a tiny bladderlike chamber or cavity.
Vesicle Hernia is the protuberance of an organ or other physical structure through the partition that normally include it; a break.
Vesicocele is the hernia of the bladder.
Vesico - vaginal Fistula is a fistula connecting the bladder and the vagina
Vesicovaginal fistulla is cured by surgery.
Vesicula. is a vesicle or tiny bladder
Vesicular have of or made up of vesicles on the layer (skin)
Vesicular Emphysema is a pathologic addition of air in tissues or organs
Vesicular Murmur is that respiratory mumble heard on auscultation of the ordinary lung.
Vesicular Resonance is a verbal sound hears on auscultation.
Vesiculation is the creation of vesicles
A vessel common name for atrery an vein
The vessel of the xylem are clearly visible using a high resolution microscope.
The vestibule was observed to be filled with an aqueous solution.
The vestibulum was observed in the internal insect anatomy when viewed through a high end microscope.
The plants are also said to have vestigial organs.
The vestigial part of the insect is seen to have no use.
On the papers of vesting deed giving legal right to the son in his fathers property, the father signed in the presence of two witnesses and the doctor.
A papilionaceous flower has a corolla, usually with five petals that include a large upper petal, the vexillum.
Viability of microorganism out side the body is impossible
If the viability of a project is not taken in to consideration, its future is at risk.
This project seems to be good on papers, but without viability study of it, investment is not advisable.
After sufficient developement fetus is viable outside of the uterus.
He is always looking for viable proposition.
Though this is a viable proposition, I do not have enough money to invest in it.
The income generated from the implementation of this scheme, will be sufficient for the payment of salary of employees and other expenses, hence we call it viable scheme.
It is better to pay attention towards small viable schemes rather than big expensive schemes.
Though this unit has not repaid the old loan, we have sanctioned new loan to it, because we feel that it is a viable sick unit.
A sound of doulby causes vibration in the body.
vicarious menstruation manifested by bleeding from the nose
The guaranter carries the vicarious liability of the borrower.
The wrong prosedure of packing caused vice of the goods.
He is a victim of this parasite.
The victim cache is a associative cashe, it 's purpose is to reduce the number of conflict misses and providing high associativity to accesses.
Modern video amplifiers use specially designed integrated circuits.
NTSC (National TV Standards Committee) video uses a 4. 2 MHz video bandwidth.
I have a digital Video camera.
This is my marriage video cassette.
Prime minister conducting a video conferencing in New Delhi.
The video disk comes in three major forms: the Digital Video Disk (DVD); the Laser Video disk; and the Video CD (VCD).
Many individuals who work at a computer video display terminal (VDT) report a high level of job - related complaints and symptoms, including ocular discomfort, muscular strain and stress.
Video Display unit is the most commonly used output device on most personal computers.
The amount and degree of violence in video games is an important concern for parents.
VGA resolution is 640x480 pixels with 16 or 256 colors.
Moyea Flash Video Server is a wonderful Flash media server for live and on - demand streaming and recording.
The situation is that there is not a video signal.
This company manufactures video terminals.
X ray shows normal or abnormal view of an organ or body part.
A view is stored on the database server as an SQL statement that pulls data from one or more tables.
This viewing transformation moves objects from world space into eye space.
Viewport can be resized, moved, hidden, restored or closed.
Your vigilance can control the curruption.
The Vigna mungo is known to have good nutritive value.
The Vigna radiata plants are being cultivated by the farmer commercially.
He has vigour to carry out this activity.
Gandhiji said that the village and cottage industries can make the economy strong.
Village health guide gives education about health and health problems.
Intestinal villi found in the intestine.
Intestinal villus increses the surface area for absorption of water and nutrients.
As herbal vinca rosea is used in blood sugar treatment.
The viniculum of the organisms is seen to be spongy.
Russell 's viper venom is used locally for the arrest of hemorrhage in hemophilia.
The viper snake in the rain forest lives in wet places and also in mountains in small caves.
herpes zooster is a viral disease.
Conjunctivitis is viral infection of eye.
Viral hepatitis is caused by contamination of drinking water.
The area is mostly inhibited by virga.
Vergin female does not affected by sexually transmitted diseases.
verginity of female is important before marriage in the india.
Virilism is commonly the result of gonadal or adrenocortical dysfunction, or of androgenic therapy.
Virologist diagnose and treats viral diseases.
Virology deals with study of viruses and viral diseases.
There is virtual image convex lens.
Computer is using its virtual memory.
How to map virtual address to physical address?
Virtual address space is available in modern operating systems such as OpenVMS, UNIX, Linux, and Windows NT.
Many credit societies are dealing in virtual banking.
A virtual call service parallels a telephone call.
Virtual circuit packet switching is connection oriented.
This is a virtual community of Sanskrit lovers.
In Java, all methods are by default "virtual functions".
This book is a comprehensive programming guide for the Java Virtual Machine.
Virtual memory addressing makes programs capable to run when not all of their program code or data is currently in physical memory and also makes them able to run from almost any location in physical memory.
VMS was introduced in 1977 for the VAX 11 / 780 computer.
Computer is using its virtual memory.
A virtual page is usually a smallest unit of data.
VPNs are widely used by enterprises to create wide area networks (WANs).
To view VRML files, you need a VRML browser or a VRML plug - in to a Web browser.
Virtual reality (VR) can be used to create an illusion of reality or imagined reality and is used both for amusement as well as serious training.
In ATM network, a virtual route is permanently availble.
Virtual routing often allows the entire network to be viewed from a single management console.
The Virtual Space component can be used to create virtual - tour type visualizations very easily.
Use virtual storage to reduce management overhead & increase application uptime.
VSAM records can be of fixed or variable length.
Virtual synchrony is usually presented to programmers through a simple distributed programming library that supports at least three basic interfaces.
VTAM supports several network protocols, including SDLC and Token Ring.
Virtual Terminal allows you to accept credit and debit card payments over the phone, by fax or mail orders.
Virulence is The disease - evoking severity of a pathogen.
The virulence of the bacteria was find out to be very much.
Some bacteria are virulent to produce a disease.
A virulent strain of bacteria was identified.
There is a human immune deficiency virus.
Swine flue is caused by virus.
A computer virus can cause a lot of damage.
The virus is responsible for the widespread of this disease.
The virus cannot be seen through a naked eye and hence you need to properly was your hands.
Virus detection software can not detect viruses in emails that are encrypted.
A virus program can cause a lot of damage.
Heart, liver, intestine etc. are the visceral organs especially located in the great cavity of the trunk proper.
Viscera is preserved for forensic examination.
There is visceral peritoneum and parital peritoneum.
There is a visceral anesthesia
Sputum in Lobar pneumonia is scanty and viscid yellowish to green and somewhat mucopurulent during early stages
Blood is viscous body fluid.
The heart, lung, intestine all are viscus.
Liver, stomach, pancrease, are the viscus present in the abdominal l cavity.
The visibility property is supported in all major browsers.
Exports of mangoes are considered as visible exports.
The machinary being imported is considered as visible imports.
Visible pulsation is found in incompetency of aortic valve.
As we can feel the visibles, we can clssify the expensses made on them.
There is normal or abnormal vision, short, long, near vision, etc.
Vision acuity is dependent on the sharpness of the retinal focus within the eye and the sensitivity of the interpretative faculty of the brain.
Vision colour is yellow vision; erythropsia, red vision; chloropsia, green vision; cyanopsia, blue vision. etc.
The visual field is measured by perimetry
Although the vision input system is quite reliable, it could possibly fail in a number of places.
A doctor has given visit, to check a patient at the home.
Visitor health, who help in education in child health, health promotion, public health and education.
The interactive visual channel is produced by the radio station.
Visual Display Unit is the most commonly used output device on most personal computers.
Visual hallucination composed of scenes, often landscapes.
He is an expert of visual programming.
visual rating method was used on the patient who was suffering from mild dementia.
Brain, heart, lungs, etc. are vital organs.
Heart beat, body tempreature, respiration and blood pressure are vital signs.
An adequate intake of energy, protein, vitamins, minerals is vital to maintain the immune system.
Vital capacity is measured by spirometer.
Exercise increases vital capacity
Respiration, blood circulation is the vital function.
The activity carried out by different body organs is a vital function.
Urine formation and excretion is vital function of the body.
The person is of great vitality.
At the time of any accident, to take the injured people to hospital is also a vital service.
Vital statistics is based on the numbers of official registrations of vital events;
Vital statistics for the U. S. is published annually by the department of health and human service.
If vital statistics are neglected in any financial institution, one can not estimate the loss or profit.
Vitamin that are essential to normal metabolism and growth. Insufficient amounts of vitamines in the diet may cause deficiency diseases.
The vegetable is known to provide a good quantity of vitamin A.
The vitellarium was observed in species of certain invertebrates but was seen to be absent in the vertebrates.
The vitelline membrane of a bird 's egg can be solubilised and the internal components can be examined.
The yolk structure of insect eggs are composed of vitellophag nuclei and peripheral cytoplasm.
In vitiligo epidermal melanocytes are completely lost in depigmented areas by an autoimmune process.
Vitreous humor fills the space between the lens of the eye and the retina lining the back of the eye
Vitreous humor is often erroneausly equated in the body.
The reproduction of mangroves are the best example for viviparity in plants.
Some types of waterliles are viviparous in which new plantlets are produced on the leaves.
Vocal cord is organ of speech.
Vocal cord produces sounds that are the basis of speech.
The forced, rough, raucous voice of subjects of myxedema, probably due to myxedematous thickening of the vocal folds.
I am busy now; I will voice you later.
This would provide 10 individual channels over one voice grade line.
Google Talk allows you to leave a voicemail for any of your contacts.
Voice recognition is used in speaker recognition.
Each salesman now has a lightweight portable terminal linked to a central mini - computer that incorporates a voice response unit.
In this contract priority is given to unilateral relief, hence it is a voidable agreement for the other party.
This is a voidable agreement, because it is not prepared by following the present rules.
If the documents pertaining to the purchase of the property are not registered with approroiate authority, it will be a void contract.
If you will not bring the legal documents pertaining to this agreement, it will be treated as void contract.
Without calling tenders, if the contract is given to the known contractor, it will be a void contract.
As this transaction is made without our pre permission, we feel that it is a void transaction.
If there is volatile demand in consumer goods, the manufacturer has to attract customers by giving many offers.
Due to volatile scrips a poor man can become rich or vice versa.
It is very risky to invest in volatile scrips / shares.
It is foolishness to invest in volatile shares without the study of appropriate time of buying and selling them.
A Volition to avoid alcohol drinking.
A nomogram used to predict blood volume on the basis of the individual 's weight and height.
This is the program and data files for a Java3D Volume Rendering demo.
Storage administrators will often refer to the VTOC to obtain information on the number of files stored on a disk.
Walking is a voluntary action done of the body.
Movement of limb is a Volutary action
A decision of voluntary arbitration was taken to solve the dispute among the parteners.
To avoid to take the dispute in the court, both the partners decided voluntary arbitration.
Based on the voluntary award the elected member advised not to file any case.
Today when a brother denies to give something to his own brother, the voluntary conveyance among two friends is surprising.
To bring out the black money, government has declared voluntary disclosure scheme.
No organization was agreeable for voluntary grading on the basis of standards formed by the government.
When the son decided not to involve in the business, there was no option before the father than to voluntary liquidation of his business.
The extra contribution in the providend fund account will be your voluntary saving.
Finally there was a voluntary settlement of the dispute among the two sons after fathers death.
During this financial year our voluntary turnover was about 500 crore.
Volvox are commonly found in ponds and ditches receiving excess rainwater.
There is a gastric volvulus, sigmoid volvulus, cecal volvulus which is an abnormal condition.
vomit containing large amounts of bile suggestive of bowel obstruction distal to the papilla of Vater.
Gastric volvulus can occur in paraesophageal hernia and occasionally in eventration of the diaphragm.
Vomiting occurring in the early months of pregnancy in some women.
Vomiting is a one of the symptom present in the cholera.
The issue of voted expenditure for building construction was put before the parliament.
Membets asked for vote on account for expenditure of painting of the building.
I am holding ten thousand shares of that company, which are voting shares for me.
You can pay my share amount to the person carring this voucher without any hesitation.
Youths are vulnerable to HIV infection.
Vulva, comprised of the mons pubis, the labia majora and minora, the clitoris, the vestibule of the vagina and its glands,
In many insects the vulva is narrow and the genital chamber becomes an enclosed pouch or tube.
Vulvae kraurosis occurs in postmenopausal women and is probably caused by hormonal imbalance.
Vulval bridge separates semifenestrae in nematodes.
The vulval cone determines the shape of the cyst.
Vulval knobs are found near vulval bridge.
It is more conveinient to carry credit cards instead of carrying wads of cash.
Wadding gait is due to gluteus medius muscle weakness, and seen with muscular dystrophies, among other disorder.
The wafer being moistened and folded over the drug, so that it can be swallowed without taste.
Revision of wages at regular intervals ensures employee satisfaction
Wage brackets are often set based upon seniority and experience levels
The wage bracket of an employee decides the facilities to be given to him.
A wage earner receives wages on a daily, weekly or monthly basis.
If the employer is not satisfied with the employee 's work, he can apply the measure of wage freeze.
Food and clothing are essential wage goods, which satisfy basic human needs.
Increased cost of products caused by wage induced inflation increases the financial burden on consumers.
Increased prices caused by wage price profit spiral are always profitable to the producer than the consumer.
Increased cost of products caused by wage induced inflation increases the financial burden on consumers.
I could lay a wager that the match which we won, was not fixed.
Wagering contracts include various forms of valid commercial contracts.
The company appointed an accountant to maintain the wages acccount of the employees
Wait cycle is a memory control system comprises a plurality of base address registers each for designating a base address of a corresponding memory block and a corresponding number of block size registers each for designating the size of the corresponding memory block.
Wait die algorithm uses a symmetry - breaking technique in which both an older process (O) and a younger process (Y) are exists.
Wait die algorithm uses a symmetry - breaking technique in which both an older process (O) and a younger process (Y) are exists.
Wait die algorithm uses a symmetry - breaking technique in which both an older process (O) and a younger process (Y) are exists.
Waiting time is the period of time between the moment at which one is ready for an activity to start and the moment at which this activity can actually begin.
Wait list is a registration tool allowing students to put themselves electronically in the queue of a fully enrolled course.
The wait operation is a function which allow a thread to block its own execution. The wait functions do not return until the specified criteria have been met.
A wait state is a situation in which a computer program or processor is waiting for the completion of some event before resuming activity.
A wait state is a situation in which a computer program or processor is waiting for the completion of some event before resuming activity.
Wait time is the period of time between the moment at which one is ready for an activity to start and the moment at which this activity can actually begin.
A waiver clause should be inserted in the existing rules entitling customers paying regular loan installments to get special benefits.
Under the waiver clause of the organisation the directors decided to contribute 5% of their salaries to the prime minister 's fund.
The death of the policy holder before the expiry of policy, leads to waiver in payment of remaining premiums.
The Government has declared waiving of audit objection.
The auditors insisted on waiving of audit objections
Now a days walk - in customers are highly valued.
Fast walking is adviced in diabetic patient.
Walking inflation should be considered as a warning signal so as to pervent it from turning into running inflation.
Though the financial institutes have spread all over in US, wall street still remains the centre of the US financial community.
WAN is a computer network that covers a broad area.
WAN is a computer network that covers a broad area.
WAN is a computer network that covers a broad area.
Wandering spleen is rare, particularly in children, and diagnosis is difficult. It usually occurs at 20 to 40 years of age.
Want creation for refrigerators in regions having extreme cold climatic conditions is possible for a clever salesman
Globalisation has led to a want creation for new employment opportunities
For want of evidence the accused was acquitted.
There is male and female ward in the hospital.
Ward is important for representative, electrol or administrative purpose.
Warehouses are generally located on the outskirts of the city.
Goods can be taken out from the warehouse only after producing the warehouse receipt.
Warehousing loan amounts depend on the rules of the financial company.
Warfarin is used to kill rats and mice in houses and fields.
Warm blooded animals has relatively high and constant body tempreture relatively independent of the surroundings.
Warm start (restart) is a resumption of computer operation, following a problem - generated shutdown, in which programs running on the system can resume at the point they were at when the shutdown occurred and data is not lost.
A warrant is issued to the trader against the storage of goods in the warehouse.
Almost all credit notes are irrevocable i. e. cannot be amended or cancelled without prior agreement of the beneficiary, the issuing bank and the confirming bank.
The Government and the RBI are taking measures to maintain warranted growth rate.
The manufacturers provide warranty that the products sold by them are free from defects in materials and workmanship.
Some parts of the product may not fall under warranty coverage
There are various types of wart like seborrheic verruca, verruca digitata, verruca peruana, verruca plana, etc.
Wart is removed by cautery
Wart is caused by virus.
War time inflation has far - reaching implications on the world as a whole
War time price control by the government ensures the availability of essential goods to it 's citizens.
Medicinal preparations are used for wash.
Eye wash is the lotion of the eye.
Wash sales can be very complicated to monitor.
Wasp sting can cause allergic reaction and may sometimes require treatment.
There is a wastage of blood during major surgery.
Recycling of waste is necessary to protect the environment.
A waste book is very important for the merchants as all the records of their dealings are available in it.
Artificial seeding of clouds is a wasteful expenditure from the point of view of the common people
Now a days small dams are being constructed to convert waste land into fertile land.
Carbon dioxide is the waste product from plant respiration
The waste products generated from a nuclear plant are harmful to man and environment.
Window dressing distracts our attention from watching of actuals.
Water is major constituents of all living matters.
Inequitable water apportionment has led to many conflicts among states.
Water balance in the body is important to maintain normal function of an organs.
Viral jaundice is water borne disease.
Water borne goods imported by that company consisted of heavy machinery
Water carriage is important while taking oral medicine.
Water closet that disposes human waste by using water to flush it through a drainpipe to another location.
Since a suitable person was not found to run the business, the businessman decided to close his business through water down capital means
Excessive investment in shares of a single company leading to watered stock with the broker led to a heavy losses when the company closed down
In view of the future growth of the business, the directors decided to go in for watering of stock
In view of customers faith in the company, the directors decided to go in for watering of stock
Climatic variations lead to fluctuations in the water level / table
Usually high quality papers have water marks on them.
Transpiration is the loss of water from leaves through water pores.
Water protected in the ponds, small lakes, for the drinking purpose.
Watershed based rainfed farming is beneficial for farmers
Transpiration is difficult when humidity in air around the water stoma is high.
In earlier times trade was dependent on water transportation.
Water ways can comprise of rivers, lakes, seas, canals etc.
WAV is a Windows sound files. It is an audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs.
In the electrocardiogram and the electroencephalogram, the wave is essentially a voltage - time graph.
A suitable location has been identified near Mumbai to establish a wave energy plant
Waveguides are constructed to carry waves over a wide portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
The wavelength determines the nature of the various forms of radiant energy that comprise the electromagnetic spectrum.
Wavelength multiplexing is a technology which multiplexes multiple optical carrier signals on a single optical fiber by using different wavelengths (colours) of laser light to carry different signals.
Wavelength of light is electromagnetic radiation that is visible to the human eye.
Sinuate form of leaf margins are wavy and undulate.
The cuticle is covered with wax filaments.
Wax glands are found in different species of insects.
The wax layer prevents excess loss of water from leaves.
An employee has to produce a way bill while moving his households goods at the time of transfer.
Looking at the uniqueness of the business the businessman made provisions for ways and means advances
The businessman sent a proposal to the bank which is based on the ways and means estimates considering the future growth of his business.
After all the efforts to revive the weak bank failed it was decided to merge it in a strong bank
Weak entity is an entity whose existence in the database is dependent on the existence of another entity.
Weak entity is an entity whose existence in the database is dependent on the existence of another entity.
After the nationalisation of banks, new schemes were devised for the development of the weaker section
In comparison to the dollar the rupee is considered as a weak exchange
Good health is considered as the wealth of human beings
Sometimes weaning causes diarrhoea.
Weapon are used in wars.
Weapons are necessary for surgery.
The rent for a hired car is calculated considering the petrol costs, the driver 's payment as well as the wear and tear of the car
Weather is an atmospheric condition that comprise the state of the atmosphere in terms of temperature, wind and clouds.
Laryngeal web causes airway obstruction and hoarse cry in the newborn.
Web is a computer network consisting of a collection of internet sites which offers text and graphics with sound and animation resources through the hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP).
Web address is the location or URL of a web site, file, or resource on the Internet.
Web authoring is used in designing and creating a web site.
A Web browser is a software application which enables a user to display the text, images, videos, music, games and other information typically located on a Web page at a Web site.
A Web browser is a software application which enables a user to display the text, images, videos, music, games and other information typically located on a Web page at a Web site.
Web - enabled applications are those software applications which can be delivered over the web.
Web page is a document connected to the World Wide Web and viewable by anyone connected to the internet and can be accessed through a web browser.
Web server is a computer that runs specific software to serve web pages to the Internet
Web site is a collection of pages on the World Wide Web that usually accessible via the Internet.
Web site is a collection of pages on the World Wide Web that usually accessible via the Internet.
Weeds, if not controlled may affect crop growth.
Weedicides are applied to the crops to control the growth of weeds.
The company weeded out the people.
In this month because of 4 holidays and 4 weekly offs there were only 22 week days
As per the rules of this organisation, every department has to prepare the weekly abstract every Saturday.
Preparing the weekly arrears statement every Saturday facilitates in planning of work during the new week due to begin.
If work is allocated to the employee based on the decided number of weekly hours, he can complete it as per his convenience.
Some weekly returns have to be submitted to the RBI every Monday
To keep the situation under control at the end of the month, a weekly statement regarding some subjects has to be prepared
Most of the weevils damage the crop by eating the interior of the grain.
Purity weightage of gold is considered to measure its real value
While promoting the employee, the employer gave weightage to his honesty.
While calculating the weighted average of the students in the class, their background, ability to learn, understand and express should be taken into consideration.
Weighted average cost is a method of calculating Ending Inventory cost.
While purchasing the lockers for the bank, weighted average of the quotations of the 3 companies was calculated on the basis of the credibility of the companies
A foreign company 's acceptance for the weighted basket of currency proposed by an Indian company is a symbol of it' s credibility.
Weighted fair queueing (WFQ) is a method of automatically smoothing out the flow of data in packet - switched communication networks.
A weighted graph is a graph in which each branch is given a numerical weight.
A weighted graph is a graph in which each branch is given a numerical weight.
To measure human development index, GDP cannot be relied upon because it is not a weighted index number.
The weighting method was used to classify insects into different groups.
Now a days every new customer is being offered a welcome kit.
The bank decided to include a calander and a diary in the welcome kit.
Social welfare is a organized public service for the assistance of disadvantaged group.
Oil or gas is also obtained from well.
Well connected means something connected properly.
A well - formed formula is a symbol which is generated by the formal grammar of a formal language.
A well run economy helps to keep control on the inflation.
The land given to the electricity company on lease comes under wet lease because it is given on the condition that the financial burden on the customers should not be increased
Water is added to wettable powders to create insecticide solution
A wetting agent can be applied to the seeds or soil after mixing with a pesticide, herbicide or water.
Wetware is a term for a human brain as a computing element.
Wetware is a term for a human brain as a computing element.
Paying the wharfage charge is not a permission to smuggle goods.
The custom officer set the merchant free when he produced the wharf rent certificate.
The full amount was reimbursed after producing the wharfinger 's receipt.
One has to pay wharf rent for water borne goods.
This term is used to ask a question.
What you see is what you get implies a user interface that allows the user to view something very similar to the end result while the document is being created.
A wheel is a circular device that is capable of rotating on its axis and which is very helpful in transport.
Wheez is present in asthma, mitral stenosis, pleural effusion.
Whey is rich in lactose, minerals, vitamines and contains lactalbumin and traces of fat.
Whirlgig beetles can circle rapidly in groups on the surface of water.
White ants are usually found in warm regions.
White cells are phagocytic in nature.
White carpuscle can decreases or increases in the pathological conditions
White discharge causes low back pain and weakness in women.
Eggs of the white ear head are spherical in shape anf white in colour.
White egg is rich in protein.
White flies feed can cause extensive damage to crops through feeding on the underside of plants.
The sell of white goods has increased due to overall increase in the salaries.
The increase in the prices of white goods has led them to become beyond the means of the common man
White leg is commanly seen in women after delivary.
White light, stimulates all three types of color sensitive cone cells in the human eye with high brightness compared to the surroundings.
There is herpetic whitlow and thecal whitlow.
White matter contain few or no neuronal cell bodies or dendrites.
White muscardine is a used an organic insecticide to control insects like termites and white flies.
White mustard is commonly used for pickling.
White noise is a random signal or process with a power spectral density.
The white of egg resembling serum albumin; also found in phosphorylated form
White pages is one of the main components of Universal Description, Discovery and Integration (UDDI), which is a directory where the names of people are listed alphabetically along with their telephone numbers.
Companies often use white papers to educate people about their products and / or services as a way of marketing them.
This term is used to ask a question.
Low income families get whole coverage for medical expenses from the government.
Due to whole coverage of immunization, the death rate of infants is decreased.
The rate of premium may be high for whole life policy.
Considering its social responsibility, a bank decided to sanction whole loan to ten poor students every year.
While purchasing this car, I have taken a loan on the condition that it will be whole loan.
Small merchants purchase goods from wholesale market and sell them at higher prices in the retail market.
It is decided to obtain whole sale money from the Industrial Development Bank to fulfill the financial requirements of the company.
The wholesale price of any goods is less than it 's retail price.
Wholesale price index is an important aspect of country 's economy.
Wholsalers purchase goods in large quantity.
Due to development of direct marketing system, the role of wholesale trade is changed.
There are ten staff members employeed for whole time service.
There is a 16% increase in the whole turnover of the company.
wholly owned subsidiaries are dependent on their parent company to meet their financial needs.
whooping cough is prevented by immunization.
Whooping cough has recurrent bouts of spasmodic coughing that continues until the breath is exhausted.
whooping cough is caused by Bordetella pertussis; bacteria.
Even though it costed me Rs. 10 lacs to build this house, today its whopping price at Rs. 80 lacs stands justified
The petals of the flower are whorled.
Petals of the flower are whorl shaped.
Certain species of plants have whorled pattern of leaves
This term is used to tell more about the person or thing for which earlier sentence talked about.
Wide area information server (WAIS) is a database on the Internet that contains indexes to documents that reside on the Internet.
Wide area information servers (WAIS) is a database on the Internet that contains indexes to documents that reside on the Internet.
Wide Area Network (WAN) is a computer network which covers a broad geographical area compaired to local area network.
Wide - Area Telecommunications is a service offered by telecommunications companies permitting customers to make or receive long distance voice or data calls.
In communications, wideband is used to describe a wide range of frequencies in a spectrum.
There is a wide market available of electronic goods in India.
For widening its capital base the company introduced a new share issue of Rs. 300 crores
The current tax policy of India is based on the principle of widening of the tax base.
The Employment Guarantee Scheme was introduced to mitigate the effects of the widespread drought
Wild card is an unpredictable factor but In computer (software) technology, a wildcard character can be used to substitute any other character which is in the string.
Wild card is an unpredictable factor but In computer (software) technology, a wildcard character can be used to substitute any other character which is in the string.
When a bank declares insolvency, customers have to face maximum loss due to wild cat money
The strike by the municipal corporation employees last Monday has been termed as wild cat strike by the state government and it has ordered not to pay one days salary to the employees.
The SEBI has been established to control the wild fluctuations in the stock market
Wild type is the state of an organism before it is genetically engineered.
Keeping in view the importance of a will, every person should prepare his will on time
There should be provisions to penalise willful defaulters without giving them any sort of exemption.
One should not expect pardon for wilful omissions
Plants wilt during heat.
Wilting of plants are result of parasitic infestation.
The term winchester disk comes from an early type of disk drive developed by IBM that had 30MB of fixed storage and 30MB of removable storage.
The term winchester disk comes from an early type of disk drive developed by IBM that had 30MB of fixed storage and 30MB of removable storage.
Those who invest in the share market should be ready to face windfall gains and losses
I had windfall profit due to sudden increase in the prices of the shares that I had purchased
The winding up of 3 small banks led to the formation of one big bank
The winding up order for this loss making bank has been received today
A window is a visual area which is usually rectangular in shape and containing some kind of user interface which displayed the output and accepted the inputs commands.
A window is a visual area which is usually rectangular in shape and containing some kind of user interface which displayed the output and accepted the inputs commands.
This window delivery facility is made available for sale of application forms for the engineering course
Window dressing is like a bubble which can burst at any time
The window dressing of figures presents a false picture of any financial institute
A windowing is a component of a graphical user interface (GUI), which provides basic support of graphics hardware, pointing devices such as mice, and keyboards.
Windows is an operating system with a graphical user interface.
Windows explorer is an application that provides detailed information about files, folders, and drives.
Windows for workgroups is a Microsoft operating system which allows two or 20 users to share information such as files and e - mail by clicking on icons.
The MicroSoft Windows Installer engine must be present in the operating system before a Windows Installer (. msi) package can be installed.
Windows NT is a Microsoft Windows personal computer operating system which is designed for users and businesses needing advanced capability.
Windows socket is software that acts as the middleman between Windows applications and the Internet protocol.
Only 10% of pollination occurs through wind polination.
Red wine made by fermenting grapes has been used as tonic.
In insects, the wings are supported by veins.
The wing coupling mechanism is different in moths and butterflies.
The wing flexion controls the deformation of wings during flight.
Wing pads are found in grass hoppers.
The study of wing veins is important in the study of insect fossils.
The structure of insect wing venation help in identifying the species of the insect.
Winsock is software that acts as the middleman between Windows applications and the Internet protocol.
WinZip is a proprietary file archiver and compressor developed by WinZip Computing.
A lot of efforts had to be put in to wipe out entries which were wrongly made in the cash book
Wire frame is a functional interactive prototype of a web site.
Wireless LAN is an Internet connection which can be accessed by radio waves instead of through traditional wires and cords.
Wireless transmission is a communication by transmitted signals which has no wire.
Wire matrix printer is an impact printer in which each character is represented by a pattern of dots made by wires.
Wire payment is one of the most expedient methods of transferring funds between bank accounts
Wire printer is an impact printer in which each character is represented by a pattern of dots made by wires.
Wire printer is an impact printer in which each character is represented by a pattern of dots made by wires.
Wiring board containing a matrix of sockets used to program a machine.
Wisdom teeth may appear as the 25th year or may never erupt.
Withdrawal of drug is done to avoid complications.
Withdrawal method is used to avoid the symptoms of withdrawal.
Sudden stoppage of alcohol causes withdrawal symptoms.
Brokers withhold the stocks in anticipation that the prices may increase
There are 25 branches and 2 divisional offices within jurisdiction of this zonal office
Mr. A has been given permission to particpate in the competition without detriment to official duty
We accept the outcome of the inquiry, without prejudice to the unsettled question of territorial waters.
One has to decide while buying a policy as to whether a without profit policy will serve the purpose of investment
There is uncertainity about the accuracy and completion of any task without recourse
This repair work has been assigned with qualification that any wear and tear that occurs will be the responsibility of the repairer
You have been alloted the task of fixing the furniture in our office with recourse that the work will be completed within 2 days
Witness is important to proove the offence in the court.
A wizard is a user interface element where the user is presented with a sequence of dialog boxes.
Additives are added to wood fibre to produce paper.
Wood parenchyma may contain grains of starch and droplets of oil.
The larvae of wood wasps can live up to two years in wood.
The wood wasp larvae feeds on the wood wasp fungus which survive on the killed wood.
Wool is being used for making clothes and winter garments.
Wooly aphids feed on the plant tissue to suck the sap.
Word is a unit of language through which sentences are made. In computing, "word" is a term for the natural unit of data used by a particular computer design.
Word is a unit of language through which sentences are made. In computing, "word" is a term for the natural unit of data used by a particular computer design.
Word capacity is the maximum possible word containing capacity of a software or programme.
Word Counter is a tool which counts the word and character of the text and it will also counts the number of times a certain word or phrase appears.
Word index means the index of words.
Word processing through computer enables you to create a document, store it electronically on a disk, display it on a screen, modify it by entering commands and characters from the keyboard, and print it on a printer.
Word processing through computer enables you to create a document, store it electronically on a disk, display it on a screen, modify it by entering commands and characters from the keyboard, and print it on a printer.
Word processing equipment does the work of word processing in the computer.
Microsoft word is a commonly used word processor
Word processor is an application which create, edit, and print documents on computer.
Word processor is an application which create, edit, and print documents on computer.
Because the words and figures differed on the cheque, it was not passed by the bank
Word size is the number of bits that a Central processing unit (CPU) can process at one time.
Word size is the number of bits that a Central processing unit (CPU) can process at one time.
Word space is the space between two characters.
Word underscore character is a special character which is used to create visual spacing within a sequence of characters.
Word wrap is a feature which fit the text within defined margins.
Rules should stand the test of workability
The success of any programme depends on how workable it is.
Work area is the area where particular work related to specific domain has been done.
The work committee takes decisions after considering all aspects of a problem
After reviewing the tenders, the work contract was assigned to the lowest bidder
A person trapped in routine work cycle needs a break
Work cycle is the cycle which is a sequence of activities or movements which are repeated to complete one sequence of a task.
A social worker, who do the work voluntarily
In computer networking, a workgroup is a collection of computers on a local area network (LAN) that share common resources and responsibilities.
The working of the organisation continued unhampered despite the absence of the Director
Adequate information is necessary to understand the working of a machine indepth
Because of the ease of liquidation gold, precious gems, shares and stocks, etc are considered as working assets as compared to land
The work of the newly started unit had to be stopped due to want of working capital.
Working capital are the assets available for use in the production of further assets.
Working capital are the assets available for use in the production of further assets.
The entreprenuer had to manage working capital advances to start his small scale industry.
The working capital limit of Rs. 10, 00, 000 is sanctioned for the project
The provision of working capital term loan is made to develop the small scale industries
If the working capital turnover ratio is not monitored a loss will definitely occur in the business
In the metros, the working class faces several problems for day to day survival
The attendance of all the members is essential in the meeting of the working committee of the organisation.
The worthiness of the working cost depends on the improtance and profitability of that work.
Working directory is the directory in which we worked currently. A temporary directory specifies both a directory and the volume on which it resides.
If a project is not completed within the precribed time, its cost increases in multiples of its working estimates.
A project can be considered as viable, if the profit from it is much higher than its working expenses.
It is essential to get full information of the working funds before starting any large project.
A working group was formed to celebrate the centenary programme of the organisation.
While counting working hours, it is also necessary to see that how much work was done during that time.
If success has to be achieved, only working knowledge of certain work is not sufficient.
A working partner of any partenership firm has all the information about the firm.
In the metros like Mumbai, the working population has to live in the slums.
We observe from the working result of this quarter that there is a growth in our non performing assets.
The working set of a program is a collection of those pages in its virtual address space that have been recently referenced.
Working set model is the smallest collection of information that must be in memory to execute program efficiently.
Working space is a clear space around a equipment or a machine to allow access and movement.
The company is thinking of stopping the production after the working stock exhausts.
Working storage is the section of computer storage reserved for data to be temporarily stored during the running of a program.
When road works are in progress, the municipal corporation puts up boards with the sign "work in progress" to warn motorists
Workload generator is used to performance characterization, testing and benchmarking of computer systems and networks.
It is necessary for any workman that he should perform his work honestly.
If a workman employee remains absent from his duty without informing the employer, a show cause notice can be issued to him.
If a work requires to be done in a workman like manner, one should work hard specifically.
The diamond setters give guarantee for their workmanship.
If a workman meets with an accident at his workplace rendering him handicapped, he is entitled to coverage under the workmens compensation insurance.
After carefully scrutinizing the difficulty of the borrower, the financial institute decided to approve a work out loan for him.
Many new work projects have started in the new state of Chhattisgarh.
Flyover works are undertaken to reduce traffic problems.
Road construction works is in progress under the Prime Minister Rojgar Yojana.
The works abstract pertaining to the bridge, may be available in the file of the contractor.
Preparing a work schedule helps in completing the work on time.
The works expenditure for the bridge is written under the head of capital expenditure.
It is the responsibility of the supervisor to ensure that the work is completed as per the work sheet
A workshop regarding banking business has been organised this month.
A workshop is a place where handcrafts or manufacturing work has been done.
There was tight security at the work site of the project which was to be inaugurated by the Minister.
All Works minor is taken care of by this company.
The interior decoration of the house was done according to the work specification given by the architect.
Works petty are going on.
Workstation is a type of computer which is used for engineering applications, desktop publishing and software development etc that require a moderate amount of computing power and relatively high quality graphics capabilities.
Workstation is a type of computer which is used for engineering applications, desktop publishing and software development etc that require a moderate amount of computing power and relatively high quality graphics capabilities.
The labourers decided work to rule since the decision of the management was not acceptable to them
Work unit is a unit of measurement for work.
Work unit is a unit of measurement for work.
Work volume is a labour productivity which is produce by a man power in a certain period of time.
World is a common name for the planet Earth where human beings live on.
World bankonomics is different from any countires economics
This new laptop is world class in quality.
Electronic goods, world class in quality are manufactured in our country
World Coordinate is the system which describe the physical coordinates associated with a data array, such as sky coordinates for an astronomical image, wavelength scale for a spectrum, or time scale for a time series.
Now a days world wide market is available for electronic goods.
Many people lost their employment due to world wide recession during the year 2009.
World wide web (WWW) is a computer network consisting of a collection of internet sites which offers text and graphics with sound and animation resources through the hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP).
There are hook, round, tape, thread worm.
Worm (computer worm) is a self - replicating software program which uses a network to send copies of itself to other nodes.
WORM (Write - once Read - many) is an optical disk technology that allows us to write data onto a disk just once. After that, the data is permanent and can be read only.
Though it is a worn coin, it is very costly, because it is made of gold.
Hurry, worry, curry, is the cause of hyperacidity.
Worst Fit Algorithm produces result with selection of the bin which has free space or creates a new Bin instead of just picking the first Bin available.
cleaning and dressing of wound is done for proper healing and to prevent infection of wound.
The attack of wound parasites can cause decay of woody portions in trees.
The Wraparound Process is an intensive, individualized care management process for youths with serious or complex needs.
Wrist connect the hand and forearm.
Write means creating a code (computer program) or record data on a computer.
Writeable means the capability of recording data on a electronic storage medium.
Writeable means the capability of recording data on a electronic storage medium.
Writeable control store is the part of a CPU 's control unit that stores the CPU' s microprogram. It is usually accessed by a microsequencer. It implemented as a diode - array of read - only memory.
In computer science, write ahead log (WAL) are the techniques for providing durability to database systems. In it all modifications are written to a log before they are applied.
Since the borrower has paid the loan amount, we have to write back the written off amount in our books.
The Write back caches improve your computer 's performance, because a write to the high - speed cache is faster than to normal RAM or disk.
Write cache is a temporary storage area where frequently accessed data can be stored for rapid access.
Write cache is a temporary storage area where frequently accessed data can be stored for rapid access.
Write cycle is the operation of writing data into a memory or storage device.
Write cycle time is the minimum time interval between the successive write cycles of a storage device that has separate reading and writing cycles.
Due to the adoption of the write down procedure, the value of computers purchased at high prices has come to zero.
Write enable is that part of magnetic tape reel in which users can update the data.
Write enable ring is a file protection ring that must be attached to the hub of a reel of magnetic tape which allow data to be transcribed onto the reel.
Write error is an error that occurs while data is being written to a dirty or scratched diskette, disc, or disk drive.
Write interval is used whenever there is a break in the graph. A union sign will put between each interval to "join" them together.
As the borrower expired and the whereabouts of his hiers were not known, the loan taken by him had to be written off.
Write process read is the process of read and write data on a disk.
Write protection is a mechanism that prevents modification or erasure of valuable data on a device.
Write read head is a device that reads (senses) and writes (records) data on a magnetic disk or tape.
Write ring is a file protection ring that must be attached to the hub of a reel of magnetic tape which allow data to be transcribed onto the reel.
Write time is the amount of time which takes by the memory to carry out the operation of storing data once the command is given.
Normally tourists visit any place after reading the write up regarding that place.
I read your write up in today 's news paper.
Though this building was constructed 25 years ago, one has to write up it 's price while selling it.
Writing rate is the rate at which information is transferred to a tag, written into memory and verified.
The company intends to submit the writ petition against this newspaper.
This bank sold it 's five cars on written down book value.
The judgement of the case was given on the basis of the written evidence.
The written guarantee was obtained regarding the repayment of loan amount within five years.
Due to bankruptcy of the borrower, it was not possible to recover the loan amount, hence it was written off as irrevocable.
The loan given to the farmer who committed suicide, was considered as written off debt.
The investigation was carried out on the basis of the written statement given by the employee.
It is difficult to know which of the customers is a wronged party.
World wide web (WWW) is a computer network consisting of a collection of internet sites which offers text and graphics with sound and animation resources through the hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP).
Xenic culture information is used for diagnosing a variety of diseases.
XENIX is a version of UNIX operating system that runs on PCs. It is a portable operating system for 16 - bit microprocessors licensed for Microsoft from AT & T.;
Depletion of xenoantibodies is done by permeating blood over a solid support with xenoantigens.
Xeno diagnosis uses insects to identify infectious diseases in humans.
Xenogamy is often used to produce hybrid species in plants and animals.
Endoparsites reside in the abdomen of Xenos wasps.
xiphinema index is a type ofroundworm found in plants.
The honesty of that workman is considered as a yardstick
Yaws shows the development of crusted granulomatous ulcers on the extremities.
This year book has been given to maintain the record of official work.
1. I pay 30% tax on my yearly arrivals. 2. Drought and flood are the yearly arrivals in our country.
Deposits against lockers are yearly renewable.
Due to widespread drought formers faced heavy loss during this year of harvest.
One can save a lot, if year 's purchase are done.
We have been selling these TV sets year to year and have not received any complaint about them
It is observed that there is no progress during the year under report.
Yeasts are eukaryotic microorganisms.
Yeast is being widely used for baking and for fermentation of beverages.
Yellowing diseases is one of the most common coconut disease.
Yellow jackets are wasps that look like honey bees.
Plants affected by yellows can begin with yellowing, reddening and stunting and finally kills the plant.
In India, yeomanry is completely dependent on rain
Sandalwood yields an oil that is useful for its medicinal properties.
Honest efforts will yield better results
Mutual funds give minimum 10% yeild per annum
Due to the bullish trend in the banking sector, I earned unexpected yield.
As I am weak in mathematics, I am not able to calculate the yield receivable from my investments.
An investment made for 5 years will yield a return over the next 15 years
One should also consider the yield gap while selecting the various types of investments.
One should understand the yield pattern before investing in any new company.
The yield rate is different from direct yield rate.
One should calculate the yield ratio of the investments made for different periods.
It is a wise act to manage one 's resources considering the yield spread.
The credibility of the yield statistics given in the government records, is alway questionable.
Yield tax is considered as a method of exploitation of farmers.
Yield to maturity has been freezed as the customer has not paid the loan installment.
A yoke is a device used for piloting in most fixed - wing aircraft, analogous to a steering wheel in an automobile.
A yoke is a device used for piloting in most fixed - wing aircraft, analogous to a steering wheel in an automobile.
Yolk is a good source of fat soluble vitamins.
Egg yolk consists up to 33% of the liquid weight of the egg.
Yolk cells are commonly found in eggs where the yolk is unevenly distributed.
Uneven distribution of yolk causes yolk cleavage.
Our young economy requires support to sustain itself.
Our Government is trying since the last 6 decades, but zamindari abolition is still awaiting.
Zamindari system still exists in the remote areas of the country.
In zanenchus are amphidial apertures pore like and are located withing the labial plate.
Zanthoxylum alatum are also used to make bonsai trees.
Zarhopalus are usually found in the Northern Hemisphere.
The inflation has reached to it 's zenith.
The zero acceleration in the inflation is a sign of a well run economy.
This bank has allowed opening of zero balance account to increase the number of its customers
Now a days zero based budgetting is being given priority.
The money in current accounts is normally considered as zero cost.
Through sale of admission forms, or collection of payments of electricity and telephone bills, the banks manages to make / raise large amounts of money at zero cost
The fluctuations in the stock market decide whether the zero cuopon bond would be benificial for the company or the customer.
The citizen 's / people' s need / requirement for salt falls under zero elasticity of demand
The Anti Narcotics Act by the government is an example of the zero elasticity of supply
The Government decided to zero out the funds for it 's adult education programme.
The Zero page address is the series of memory addresses which is in the beginning of a computer 's address space, where the page starting address is zero and the size of a "page" depends on the context.
The services provided by NGOs for protection of child rights are considered as zero rated services.
For want of capital the company has introduced zero rated debentures
Even though the company seeks investment at zero rate of interest, in view of the company 's financial stability and credibility the investors have considered this investment as profitable.
A zero - slot LAN is a local - area network (LAN) that uses one of the existing serial or parallel ports on the computer rather than a special network interface card plugged in to the computer 's expansion bus.
The organism has zero tolerance to the bacteria.
The investment in a company which commits to giving high interest rates in view of the risks associated with it is considered as zero tolerance level investment
He wished he had a zillion dollars to fulfill his dreams
Zingiber is used in the management of nausea.
The farmer is primarily involved in the plantation of zinia flowers.
The Zip codes are the codes of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sorting of mail.
The Zip codes are the codes of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sorting of mail.
The Zip codes are the codes of letters and digits added to a postal address to aid in the sorting of mail.
The ZIP (file format) is a data compression and archive format which contains one or more files that have been compressed to reduce file size.
The ZIP (file format) is a data compression and archive format which contains one or more files that have been compressed to reduce file size.
The Zip file is a data compression and archive format which contains one or more files that have been compressed to reduce file size.
The Zip file is a data compression and archive format which contains one or more files that have been compressed to reduce file size.
It was decided by the Board of Directors of the company to appoint Mr. A as zonal area manager from the 1st of Jan 2010
The company was fined for not paying the zonal charge levied for transport of its equipment within the zone on time
The Pune zonal office has under its ambit 2 divisional offices and 40 branches
X - ray was showing an opacity in the upper zone of the right lung.
In a local area network, Zone is a group of networked computers which named by the network administrator so that these computers can be treated as a group.
In a local area network, Zone is a group of networked computers which named by the network administrator so that these computers can be treated as a group.
The transport company decided the zone freight rate of Rs. 10 / km for transport of household goods
Zone information protocol (ZIP) is developed by Apple Computer by which AppleTalk network numbers were associated with zone names. It manages the relationship between network numbers and zone names.
Zone information protocol (ZIP) is developed by Apple Computer by which AppleTalk network numbers were associated with zone names. It manages the relationship between network numbers and zone names.
Zone information table is a source of information about the 24 time zones in all over the earth.
Zone list is the list of different zones.
The Zone name subkeys represent each of the authoritative zones on the server.
The zone of elongation of the plant is marked in red.
The zone pricing for branches falling under the Pune zone for Aqua Guard Purifier has been fixed at Rs. 10, 000 per unit
The courier company has approved the zone rate of Rs. 10 / 250 gms for courier for branches falling under the Pune zone
The company decided to go in for zoning of the area to facilitate the management
A lot of students are seen to specialise in the field of zoogeography.
Through the study of zoologia students begin to understand the adaptations of various phyla.
The zoological classification process is necessary to find out the habitatas of various animals.
Zoom is a tool to make the picture bigger or smaller.
Zoom in means decrease the field of vision.
Zoom in means decrease the field of vision.
Zooming is a graphical environment where users can change the scale of the viewed area in order to see more or less detail.
An example of zoonosis is leptospirosis.
The process is zoophilous and seen mostly in this type of plants.
The zooplankton are observed to be the sources of food for the fish.
Zoospores move through the use of one or two whiplike swimming structures.
Genus Zootermopsis, are an abundant group of termites which inhabit forested areas in western North America.
The species of zoraptera which were extinct were studied by the researcher.
Zygoma is situated at the upper lateral part of the face.
AAUI is an abbreviation for Apple Attachment Unit Interface which is an Apple 's version of the Ethernet AUI connector that provides a path between a node' s Ethernet interface and the Medium Attachment Unit (MAU)..
To leave without intending to return
discarding any of the object, discarding any of the thing
to discard resources
Property (possession) which have been given up.
An abandoned call is a call or other type of contact approch to a call center which is ended before any conversation occurs.
Goods which have been foresaken.
discarding his application
Act of abondoning.
When a parent leaves a child without enough care or parental contact for an excessive period of time.
To leave the demand for something which is due.
Construction work that has been deserted.
To reduce or diminish.
To reduce or diminish.
To reduce or diminish.
to become null and void
to reduce in degree and intensity
to omit or to put and end to
to nullify in court
To decline in equal proportion
The act of abating.
The act or state mitigation
The act or state of being reduced
the act or state of abating or the state of being abated
reduction because of death
A certificate that shows reductions (on a / c of something).
reduction made by application of bonus
The process or act of reducing duty.
reduction of duty on damaged or deteriorated goods
decrease in inheritance
decrease in annoyance
Reduction in the quantum of money available for purchasing goods.
decrease in rent
decrease in litigation
decrease in litigation and obstruction of litigation
decrease in water pollution
a plea taken with reference to actions at law to the effect that the action is utterly dead and can 't be revived except by commencing a new action
Located away from or on the opposite side of the axis
A shortened form of a word.
shortening of the name
To resign from the post.
The act of relinquishing ones right or post.
part of the body that includes the stomach and bowels
in, of, for the abdomen
Part of abdomin
way to abodomen
a cavity in the abdomen
Atissue mass of abdomen, which is composed mainly ofsomata.
girth of the abdomen
kidnap or snatch
An act of abduction.
forcing something to a path which is not normal
Coxa which pulls a part of the body away from the midline of the body or from a neighboring part.
Muscle used to pull a body part away from the midline of the body
straying away from what is normal, expected or usual
straying from the right path
abnormality due to some mental reasons
To encourage for committing an offence.
the action or fact of abetting
encouragement for false returns
One who abets.
one who abets a crime
A state of temporary suspension.
to conform to
Capacity to do something.
The educational practice of grouping students by academic potential or past achievement.
Capacity to put money for future benefits.
Capacity to buy goods or services or discharge of debt.
From the start.
Non - living chemical and physical factors in the environment
Non - living chemical and physical factors in the environment
abandon violence
A unique and effective approach to attract out - of - school children to schools. The teachers who are involved in implementing this method have developed activities for each learning unit which facilitated readiness for learning, instruction, reinforcement and evaluation. It has transformed the classrooms into hubs of activities and meaningful learning.
straying from the right path
One who can perform.
An individual 's physical or mental capacity for gainful service or military service
An unlicensed member of deck of merchant ship
act of washing / cleansing of the hands or the body
Which is not normal.
What is being asked for is not normal / usual.
Increase which is not normal.
System of providing finance which is different from the normal method.
The amount of money asked for a new product, which is different from the normal.
profit above expectation
A termination to a process brought about by the operating system when the process reaches a point from which it cannot continue.
To be on or into a ship / train or plane (passenger or goods).
on the deck of an unregistered ship
dwelling place
to put an end to
to bring to an end
Process of abolishing.
an end
cancellation of amount that was given as a practice to royal families
cancellation of titles that were used to award royal people
end of a social evil called utouchability
Ending or starting legislative councils in certain states
opposite to or away from the mouth
Original inhabitants of a country.
an officer who works for the welfare of aboriginals
any drug or measure used to induce abortion
any drug or measure which may induce abortion
termination of pregnancy before the foetus is capable of maintaining an independent existence
failure to develop
an abortion in which the ovum has been detached and felt in the cervix or there is escape of amniotic fluid and the process of abortion cannot be arrested
death of foetus before completion of 20 weeks of gestation and retention of the products of conception for a variable time
an non useful mission
attempt of no use
failure to develop
unsuccessful probe expenses
a trial in which no verdict is reached without improper act
A timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end.
just to take action
mainly
Which has been quoted above (as example).
The state / sense of feeling of having no liability.
above with respect to underlying ground surface
Which have been referred above.
More than par value.
More than the printed or market value.
Which have been produced as quotation above.
given on the top
Provision that is made before arriving at the profit.
to be on a higher post
Process of rubbing surface of a coin so that it becomes damaged.
Which is hurtful in manner.
an accessory designed to grind, cut metal or concrete
recollection of repressed memories and the release of emotions that are associated with experiences buried in the unconscious
To shorten.
To shorten.
to make lesser
Act of shortening.
Act of reduction in amount of compensation.
reducing a written work
reduction of any of the rights
a citizen of foreign country
To cancel or repeat.
to cancel the rights
revoke any right
An act of abrogating.
A legume with long, pinnate - leafleted leaves.
collection of thick yellowish - white liquid formed in a cavity in the body as a result of infection by pyogenic organisms
The layer which is away from other layers
to hide away to escape arrest
run away after taking something
One who is absconding (gone away to avoid arrest)
One who is absconding (gone away to avoid arrest)
One who absconds from creditors to avoid payment of debts
a person against whom a warrant has been issued and who has been absconded
Being away from work or place.
to be absent because of visit to abroad
Allowance which is granted due to absence
Being away from work.
absence from the duty due to illness or any other personal reasons
condition in which some person or character is not present
a state in which there is no enough proof available to prove a particular event
a situation in which a person is not present in a certain situation where he is supposed to present
not attending the duty without approved or informed leave
not being at a specific place
go away or leave
A debter who is not present (in existence).
One who is absent from work.
One who is absent from work.
A type of allowance available of or absence to employees.
Investment of capital without actual / active participation.
Proportion of absentees to the total number.
One who owns something but does not manage it by himself.
A statement where particulars of those who are absent are recorded.
A statement where particulars of those who are absent are recorded.
not attending the duty without information
a person absent due to work somewhere else in his district
to be absent not due working somewhere else
not to be present physically
Who is not coming to work without (sanction of) Leave.
The act of accepting unconditionally.
The identification of storage locations in a computer program by their physical addresses.
Situation which is completely advantageous.
Number that represents complete and certain amount.
A type of computer programming that uses absolute addressing instead of indirect addressing.
Complete transference of property.
Enjoying complete power or right.
A code used when the addresses in a program are to be written in machine language exactly as they will appear when the instructions are executed by the control circuits.
Writing programming code that refers to fixed locations.
An absolute instruction to a computer or device to perform a specific task.
Business agreement with certain terms.
The act of transfering ones property to another in complete manner.
Firm or strong belief.
An absolute coordinate refers to a common origin.
a state in which the person can not listen
complete discharge of service
with complete wisdom
The magnitude of the difference between the exact value and the approximation.
Property which is under unrestricted control.
Estimated absolutely
Total payment in return for work for the family.
Interest which is unrestricted.
liability irrespective of intention or negligence
Load s a program / process into a single fixed area of computer 's memory.
Exact location on an object, commonly on a grid.
in an absolute manner or degree
without condition or limitation
debar from doing something legally
in an unconditional or conditional manner
a condition which blocks the transfer
to shift completely
completely placed
void according to law
a majority comprising more than half of the total votes
Positioning mode of choice.
Unrestricted sole right of dealing.
Basic things that you must have in life for stay.
with certain conditions
an order to discharge absolutely
person capable of disposing the whole interest in immovable property
Ownership that is unrestricted and perfect.
The location of a filesystem object (i. e., file, directory or link) relative to the root directory; Also called "absolute path" or a "full path".
Authority which is self existent.
to have the extreme power of expenditure
An absolute defense to an otherwise defamatory statement because of the venue or context which the statement was made
privileges which are available for certain category of persons
Programming with the use of absolute code.
Absolute programming is an prearranged list of instructions when these are executed causes the computer to behave in a predetermined manner.
A thing hold under complete ownership.
rights which are not privileges
Complete exchange of goods for money.
Value which is more than the value required.
A term that does not contain a variable; Also known as constant term.
A title that no other person can contest.
Clear undertaking
The amount of cost which is certain.
In computer graphics, a vector whose end points are given in absolute coordinates.
clear undertaking of traveling ability
Set free from blame.
to be free from responsibility after justice
To make a part of itself.
To suck up or make a part of itself.
Which has been taken in.
assimilated areas
The amount of capital that has been taken in.
assimilated employees
That part of the labour force which has been engaged in work.
The state where available amount of cash has been utilised by various means.
the post that is absorbed by any department or state
Shares which have been made part of the company.
a substance that absorbs
Such a banking company which has made another company a part of it by taking over.
the state which absorbs any employee
to assimilate in regular service
The act of absorbing.
taking or sucking up of liquids by solids or of gases by solids or liquids; removal of antibody from serum by adition of an antigen or removal of an antigen by addition of an antibody
sucking up; taking in; preoccupation.
The process (act) of making another company as its part.
To make use of the amount of loan available.
The property that the union of a set, A, with the intersection of A and any set is equal to A, or the property that the intersection of A with the union of A and any set is also equal to A.
Ability to soak up.
The root which sucks up.
To refrain from (work).
to keep away oneself from a certain activity
to keep oneself away
the action of abstaining
action of abstaining from work
the action or practice of abstaining
going without alcoholic beverages voluntarily
going without sexual intercourse voluntarily
A term used for self restraint in the matter of applying interest.
In summarised form.
not concrete, abstruse
a concentrated drug mixed with lactose
A statement summarizing the important points of a text. In computer science also it is a selection, or summary of common features of objects and procedures.
Summary of contents in book form.
Budget in summary form.
A class that should never be instantiated; only its subclasses should be instantiated.
Abstract class is a class which is created as a master structure in object technology.
A contingent bill (expenditure) in summary form.
A unique data type that is defined by the programmer. It may refer to an object class in object - oriented programming or to a special data type created in traditional, non - OOP languages.
to abstract water from underground sources
Abstraction level is such a level of complexity as a result of it a system is viewed.
Labour that exists as an idea or quality rather than as something real that can be seen.
Summary of receipts issued by teller.
Tender in summarised form.
summary of document
receipts of the summary documents of the company
Relevant portions of the written document of a persons right to property.
An operation that is not implemented in the class in which it appears (usually an abstract superclass), but that will be implemented in a subclass.
A technique wherein data is packaged together along with the operations that act on it in a way that the data can then be manipulated only through the operations and not directly.
Person who makes summary.
A sheet detailing summary (of something).
A set of application program interfaces (API s) which is used by Java programmers to create objects for graphical user interface (GUI), such as buttons, scroll bars, and windows.
Which is unreasonable / illogical.
an argument which is inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense
Sense of unreasonableness.
loss or impaired ability to perform voluntary actions or to make decisions
To use for bad purpose.
to take bad advantage of
Improper use of powers.
improper use of a legal process by which a party obtains unfair advantage
Misuse of the confidence reposed.
related to misuse, excessive use injurious, harmful
Language which is insulting.
lie adjacent to another or share a boundary
a herbaceous or shrubby, softly tomentose plant.
having a common boundary with
Touching or bordering with navigation channels
Acacia arabica is the gum - Arabic and medicinal tree of India.
Khair (Acacia catechu) is a moderate size deciduous tree.
Relating to education.
1. An educational process or procedure intended to stimulate learning through actual experience. 2. A student 's learning activity cycle that commences from students admission process until students accomplish their study.
A series of intentional interactions with a curriculum, a pedagogy, and a set of student learning outcomes which synthesizes and contextualizes students educational experiences within the frameworks of their aspirations, abilities and lives to extend learning beyond campus boundaries and timeframes.
Faculty and / or staff member who assists students with selecting classes / courses and making academic decisions that relate to the students personal, professional and academic needs and goals.
a committee that gives advices on educational topics
In regard to academic matters.
An educational institution dedicated to education and research, which grants academic degrees.
a governing body to run an academic institution
An assembly for academic deliberations.
Academic counseling assists students in selecting the best courses of study that map to their skills and interests, and helps them to acquire more effective and efficient study skills.
A unit of teaching that typically lasts one academic term, is led by one or more instructors (teachers or professors), has a fixed roster of students, and gives each student a grade and academic credit.
An award conferred by a college or university signifying that the recipient has satisfactorily completed a course of study.
A division of a school, college or university devoted to a particular academic discipline.
Discussions relating to educational matters.
special titles in the field of education
honor for distinct performance in educational field
education and learning resources for educators
1. A division of a university (e. g. a Faculty of Science or Faculty of Medicine). 2. The academic staff of a college or university.
A learned person in educational field.
An institution which provides academic education
An educational institution dedicated to education and research, which grants academic degrees.
interests related to education
Leave meant for pursuing academic (education) interests.
life related to education
routine life of university related to education
topics related to education
educational criteria or merit
an officer which is related to educational matters
a plan of action adopted in the field of education
a education related post in an educational institution
An ability relating to education.
qualifications related to formal education
Details depicting performance in educational field.
Details depicting performance in educational field.
General academic regulations apply to all university students, unless otherwise specified; Degree regulations are academic regulations and degree requirements that apply to a particular program in addition to the general academic regulations.
Activities relating to educational field.
A time period from beginning till end of a particular part of the educational course.
A time period from beginning till end of a particular part of the educational course.
academic employee of the institution
An institution within a university for a continuous training and up gradation of faculties in college and universities.
employees of an institution who are not related to educational matter
steps in respect of educational matters
A layout which specifies educational structure of an educational or research institution.
The academic wing is the core part of a university, a college or other academic institutions which consists of institutes / schools, centres / departments and cells for academic purposes.
work related to matters related to education.
The people, organisation or institution engaged in educational activities. Also called educational world.
A period of nearly a year from commencement of the educational course.
An institution which is devoted to the study of a particular field.
a form of aphasia with an inability to do mathematical calculations
Acalypha indica is a Common annual shrub in Indian gardens. This hearb tree is locally known as Kuppi.
Viny shrub or tall herb, upto 1. 5 m high, scarcely woody, bushy, with very dense growth
absence of carbon dioxide in the blood
Acari are a taxon of arachnids that contains mites and ticks.
acaricides are pesticides that kill mites.
Miticides are pesticides that kill mites.
The study of mites and ticks is called acarology
a species of mites
Having no tail.
To agree to.
To install or induct or put in place.
to accept a post
to agree
the state which joins an expedition
to give consent or approval
to give consent or approval for a convention
To charge depreciation at a faster rate so that replacement arrangements may be made early.
An interface specification which makes enable 3 - D graphics to display quickly on ordinary personal computers.
A learning method which helps to learn faster and remember more.
A methodology for accelerating product reliability during the engineering development process.
To increase the process of death
Premium which is tending to increase.
The increase of speed.
an increase in the speed of action or function
A provision in the agreement or terms which provide increase of speed of recovry or payment.
to get property at an increased speed.
To speed up the process of growing.
A period which occurs during isokinetic test that may provide valuable information regarding neuromuscular readiness to produce maximal contraction.
An acceleration which refers change in velocity over time.
Accelerator table is such a table which specifies keyboard shortcuts for menu items or other commands.
A very high level interpreted language from CaseWare, Inc. with strings and tables.
Accent is a very high level interpreted programming language, published in 1990 by CaseWare.
An electronics design house that lies at the heart of advanced digital products, from wireless, networking and consumer entertainment solutions to imaging, automotive, security and storage devices.
It provides customized children 's activities on - site at corporate events and association meetings.
A System or an organization dealing with a programming language called Accent.
Using containerized abstracts centers, companies such as Microsoft accept accent a charge for accepted apparatus central those accepted containers.
A class of codes for accented letters and other characters.
A system accent database Files at Software Informer.
emphasis; intonation
To agree to receive.
To agree to receive.
to agree
A code used for computer languages like Java, Oracle, SQL etc.
the state of accepting
Which is worth of being accepted.
The correct use of the cookies of literature to the framework of information security policies.
A formal set of rules governing how a computer Network may be used.
It is a set of rules applied by the owner / manager of a network, website or large computer system that restrict the ways in which the network site or system may be used.
An affirmative answer to a proposal.
An acceptance of a bill of exchange protested for dishonour, by a third party indicating that it is an acceptance for honour
When drawee records his signature on the face of the bill stating acceptance to pay the bill on due date.
normal approval
It is an institution that accepts financial instruments and agrees to honor them should the borrower default
The limit within which approval can be given.
It is an acceptance that is complete in nature and without any condition
It is an agreement to pay it according to the terms.
By this any promise is accepted.
Approval of suggestion
Act of accepting the tender.
Act of accepting the tender.
To consent for the amount debited to account by transfer entry.
Acceptance which is on certain conditions.
an assent to an offer that is either conditional or partial
Bills which have been accepted.
Bill where details of bills accepted are recorded.
A specific context of e - commerce, perceived risk has been traditionally identified as one of the main barriers for Internet shopping acceptance and diffusion.
The act of acceptance of a bill before or after the protest.
It is black - box testing performed on a system prior to its delivery.
Acknowledged as genuine
Acknowledged as right or accurate
When a bank records its name as accepter of a bill.
It is a state at which the machine has successfully performed its procedure.
In context of computer 's hardware and software, Accepting state test is the test which is performed by the end user to determine if the system is working according to the specifications in the contract.
One who accepts the bill.
a compound that will take up a chemical group from another compound
The drawee who makes endorsement on the face of the term bill.
Someone who accepts respect and admiration
somebody who accepts liability for a bill of exchange
in contracts, is a third person, who, after protest for non - acceptance by the drawee, accepts the bill for the honor of the drawer, or of the particular endorser
An Acceptable Usage Policy in a dialog with 2 buttons (OK / Cancel).
to agree to one 's confidence
to accept the appeal
A way of approaching.
1) To store data on and retrieve data from a disk or other peripheral device; 2) The entrance to the Internet or other online service or network; 3) In computer security, the opportunity for use of a resource.
Microsoft Access, which is gennerally called "MS Access," or just "Access" is a popular database application for Windows.
the means of entering light and its usage
The mechanical device which positions the read / write head on a magnetic storage unit; also called "actuator arm".
The process of determining whether someone or something is, in fact, who or what it is declared to be.
A right to access in a computer or network.
Access BPL is a short form Access broadband over power line which is an access technology runs over medium voltage (MV) power lines in the power utilities distribution networks.
Access broadband over power line is an access technology which runs over medium voltage (MV) power lines in the power utilities distribution networks.
the means of accessing a wall
A restriction on the operations that a user of a computer system may perform on files and other resources of the system.
The access control byte contains the priority and reservation fields, as well as a token bit (used to differentiate a token from a data / command frame) and a monitor bit (used by the active monitor to determine whether a frame is circling the ring endlessly).
(ACL) A list of the resources or services available on a computer system or server, containing the access rights of various users.
A formal computer protection and security model which is used in computer systems to classify the rights of each subject with respect to every object in the system.
A collection of resources and technologies which makes enable large format audio and video based collaboration between groups of people in different locations.
easy to enter or reach physically
easy to approach
capable of being reached
A place which is easy to enter or reach
To be able to go through the written material kept at some place.
To increase or add in number.
To increase or add in number.
coming to the throne
coming to as an addition
increase by something added
assent
A book or register where something added is recorded (Item of property or book in library).
It was the legal document designed to provide the legal basis for future relations between government of free India and other states of India.
The rate at which addition are made over a given time.
joining an office
The key which makes a computer user enable to jump immediately to a specific part of a web page by use of the key of keys of the computer keyboard.
The line from a customer site to a telephone company 's central office.
An access log is a list of all the requests for individual files that people have requested from a Web site.
A method of representing discretionary authorization information, with rows representing subjects or users of the system, columns corresponding to objects or resources of the system, and cells composed of allowable operations that a subject may apply to an object.
A program or a hardware mechanism which carries data between the computer and an external storage device or a display terminal.
The type of interaction available for an entity (data, device, etc.) in an operating system. The types include read, write, append, lock and execute, often abbreviated RWALX.
The access name table defines the names of the bits in the access mask of the ACE.
A telephone number which is used to dial into the Internet or other online service or network.
Services which are subsidiary to the main.
A morphologically distinct epidermal cell adjacent to, and apparently functionally associated with, guard.
A cell, a group of cells, or an organ that produces a secretion for use elsewhere in the body.
A licence for accessory items.
An obligation subordinate to the main or principal one.
an accessory which becomes very effective while using with a vehicle.
Which are incidental to the main product.
a right supplementary or secondary to a right of greater or primary importance.
An extra body act in respect to display sexual intention.
An object or device that is not essential but is an addtion to the effectiveness.
A vein that accompanies the vertebral vein
The path selected by the database management system to locate and retrieve requested data.
The extent to which a user of a computer in a network is allowed to use and read, write to, and execute files in other computers in the network.
Any organization that arranges for the user to have access to the Internet.
Checks the accessing files and folders of a system.
A device which works as an access control point for users in remote locations connecting to internal network of a company or to an Internet service provider.
It is used in the study of security system where multiple parties need to work together to obtain a resource.
The time from begining of one storage device access to the time when the next access can be started.
A sudden event occurring without intent through negligence, ignorance or without any fault of a person
anything that happens
a mishap
an unexpected complicating event
That is occuring by chance.
unexpectedly
Bleeding occurred after an accident or mishap.
Expenditure which is incidental.
fire occurred due to chance
without intention
omissions happening by chance
a mistake by chance
a mistake by chance
a suddent event at sea
the accident which occurs somewhere in the sea
Events wiothout apparent cause
Officer to investigate accidents
To accustom to new conditions.
act of becoming accustomed to a different environment
the act of getting to a different environment or altitude
Adjusted under suspense head.
An adjustment to suit a special purpose.
A place to live.
provision for what is desireable for convenience
supplying of wants specially housing
convenience
lodging
quarters
anything which serves the need of residence
adaption or adjustment
Premises which are used for living.
Bills of exchange drawn, accepted, or endorsed without consideration with intention to accommodate another person.
Draft issued for accommodation purpose.
It is a practice which gives effect on endorsement of the bill to accommodation.
Letter issued for the purpose of accommodating other.
Letter issued for the purpose of accommodating other.
contraction of pupil and convergence of eyes to adjust to near vision
Where someone lends his or her name to the bill and has not received any consideration.
A bill of exchange accepted by a drawer who lends his name to the bill without consideration.
Luggage that is being carried while travelling.
Person who plays musical instrument.
Letter that is received with original papers.
Who is highly skilled.
Very well behaved - refined.
carried out - completed.
An agreement in harmony.
Agreement with harmony that provides satisfaction.
As required by the circumstances.
State of being accountable.
He who is required to be responsible.
Person who is responsible.
A summary of account.
One who maintains accounts.
Person who has qualified for membership of chartered accountants association.
Loan accounts which have become bad (of recovery).
An account showing provision created for non - recoverable loans.
Amount shown as balance in the account.
An account held by a bank.
Account relating to brokerage.
Where details relating to capital transactions are maintained.
A account recording payments in and out of cash / cheques and balance as cash in hand.
Account relating to a specified area.
Person who is entrusted with the work of writing / maintaining account.
An order (request) to close the account.
Collection of rules relating to accounts.
Account showing details of commission.
Account that contains details relating to consignment.
An account relating to contract.
Account for exercising control.
Account that is kept for cost accounting purposes.
An account with the book from which any part of balance can be withdrawn on demand.
Day when settlement of account is done.
An account detailing deficiency.
An account maintained with a bank for deposits etc.
An account depicting details of depreciation.
To be responsible for.
Provide an explanation.
To be responsible for whatever has been entrusted.
To say or explain where all the money or things are.
To look or find out something that is missing.
A particular head of account.
Categories (heads) of account where different type of transactions are booked under different heads.
A person or entity which is maintaining an account with a bank of other institution.
A final statement of account for a financial period showing income of expenditure under different heads.
The process of keeping accounts.
It is a branch of accountancy dealing with the preparation of financial statements for various decision makers such as stockholders, suppliers, banks and various government agencies.
Arrangements relating to accounting.
A systems in accounting, finance and management
An early office machine used to compute and prepare invoices and payroll, etc., using magnetic stripe ledger cards or punch cards.
A machine used to compute and prepare invoices and payroll, etc., using magnetic stripe ledger cards or punch cards.
The specific accounting base selected for keeping accounts of an organisation.
The purpose of maintaining the accounts as to keep records systematic and protect business properties.
The process of keeping and verifying cash.
The period of time (last date) for which books of accounts have been balanced for final accounts.
Policy governing keeping of accounts.
Systems and procedures followed in keeping accounts.
It basically means that a company cannot over estimate its assets such as stock and not to underestimate Costs of sales.
It is a financial ratio used in capital budgeting.
The specific accounting systems selected for being followed in organisation.
The primary tasks / services performed by management accountants.
A comprehensive and precise set of rules duly approved and to be followed in accounting.
A common standard for accounting and reporting.
System on which account keeping is based.
A System for Financial Accounting like Advance Accounting Software India, Customized FAS, Online Accounting Software, Offshore Financial and so on.
A part of the organisation keeping accounts.
Work relating keeping of accounts.
The period of time for which books of accounts are balanced and closed.
Account which is active where transaction are taking place.
bank account shared by two or more individuals
Area in which bank / institution can have accounts.
Process of keeping (maintaining) accounts.
things which are not taken in the account
account related to mining activities
the account for miscellaneous works and purchases
account regarding more than one type of costing
Income statement account (revenue and expense) that is closed out at the end of the year
The number assigned to an employee, customer, vendor or product for identification.
A head of account relating to deposit of freight.
An entry relating to interest demand.
Account related to shares issued.
Where full amount has not been made.
Partial payment of a debt or an invoice
to do something taking some one else reference
account that has a non - zero debit credit balance.
Account which is active.
an account of operations under an organization
Account relating to cost of production.
the details of cost of the final output which is formed by various goods and services
Crossing with there words indicate that the collecting banker has to ensure that bank of payee is credited with the amount of cheque.
one who receives the payment
one who receives the payment
A cheque that has been made account payee by writing the word account payee is an instruction to the collecting banker that the amount of the cheque is credited to payees account.
a cheque which issues money to the payee
Account held in a bank of a person (including legal entity).
Ledger accounts that records transactions with individuals as debtors or creditors
An account maintained for amount spent on small items.
a small amount of cash kept on hand for incidental expenses
To enter transactions in an account
An account of an individual not to be disclosed to others.
an account which holds every single detail of customer in private
it shows the earning, expenses, net profit and net losses
a record of profit and loss details with adjustment in one account
evolution of profit and loss in a particular account
An account prepared in advance of finalisation.
financial statements with assumptions and conditions built into data
an account in which increases with the span of time
A formal record of property and property transaction in terms of cost.
account that has nothing in personal and makes details available for the public
An account where transactions relating to purchase are recorded.
account related to purchase various items
this records goods and services purchased on credit
An accounts that records the entries of fixed assets (sold or bought).
account opened when the company is dissolved
accounts which represent assets
Account maintained to record cash transaction (receipts and payment).
it is a cash account which records the receipts and payment of a specific time period.
An account that is maintained regularly.
Account maintained in the standard manner.
Account relating resources (funds).
funds kept for emergency
balance of goods and services after all expenses, debts, etc
account of profit or income from money invested
account that records money received as sales, commission, etc
Account which is prepared not as exact.
account which is approximate or not accurate
Temporary account created to record disbursement or receipts associated with royalties.
revolving credit facility offered by a seller under which an approved buyer may continually obtain goods upto agreed limit
a payment given to employees at regular interval is shown in this account
Book which is to keep a watch on sales transactions.
a record of sales in a specific period
Books relating to accounting.
An account which is not joined or connected.
not related to other regular transactions
An account for single (person) only.
that account which show only one specific transaction
the account which shows only one transaction 's cost detail
a fund built from the money which is put aside for future needs is invested to raise up the income
Accounts which are kepy only for individuals.
Accounts which are maintained for / by the partnership firms.
Accounts which have been opened by the person appointed by court.
Accounts relating to states (State Government).
Accounts relating to union of Indian (Central Government).
Accounts which are connected with construction work.
an account maintained to adjust the investment of sold output
An organisation connected with accounts (Defence).
Accounts that show details of that must be paid.
Transactions which are important but not out avoidable and regular are recorded in this account
Accounts that show details that can be received.
System of providing lending facilities on the basis of receivables.
When an account is set off with another.
A written summary of transactions in a account.
Structure relating to keeping of accounts.
An act of confirmation of loan / balance.
An account between two parties which has been expressly or impliedly agreed between the parties.
An account relating to stock goods for sale.
contains details supply of raw material
a record of goods kept in storage
one of the accounts in a particular subsidiary ledger
Certifications of correctness of the accounts.
System which is adopted for keeping accounts.
to count
Cancelling a debt which has became bad.
The act of accoutrement.
Granting official recognition.
Something that gives credit or recognition to something
An act of granting official recognition.
The act of accrediting.
The body responsible for the accreditation of institutions of higher education in the country.
Who has been recognised officially.
Agents or middleman who have been granted recognition.
One who has been considered worthy of receiving credit.
An external prolonged senser of body.
Something added.
Increase in the foreign based assets.
The act of accruing.
Amount of interest that has became accrued.
Which goes as accumulating.
Which has been accumulated.
An accounting expense recognized in the books before it is paid for.
Income which has been earned but not received.
This is a concept where revenue and costs recognised as they are earned or incurred and not as money is received or paid.
Interest which has been earned but due to be received at a future date.
Amount of expenses which have been incurred but are yet to be paid.
Balance which has collected over a period of time.
Amount of losses which have been amassed over a period of time.
Amount of profit increased over passage of time.
Quantity of stock increased over a period of time.
In punch card technology a device which is used to produce a set of sorted cards and provide certain additional mathematical information on them.
The act of collecting (accumulating).
The act of collecting (accumulating).
The act of accumulation (collection) of capital.
Collecting and preserving funds.
An instruction register wherein intermediate arithmetic and logic results are stored. Without a register like an accumulator, it would be necessary to write the result of each calculation to main memory, perhaps only to be read right back again for use in the next operation.
A control character appended to a data to indicate an error related characteristics, such as whether the data contains errors are to be ignored, can not be represented or can not be processed by a particular device.
Any method which attempts error detection and control, such as random sampling and squaring.
The state of correctness of a statement made or submitted.
A test conducted for judging accuracy.
Free from any error.
That has been done with exactness.
Which has been done carefully.
To free from mistake or defect.
An act of being accused.
Process of charging a person with a crime.
To change with an offence.
To put blame on.
To claim that someone has done something offensive in nature
Person who has been charged with an offence.
a person Charged with offence
Something that is known, familiar or habitual.
to be used to do something
An object not at the centre.
One of the first computers built in the United Kingdom, at the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) in the early 1950s.
a cup - shaped depression on the lateral surface of the innominate bone (hip bone) that provides the socket into which the head of the femur rotates
The cup - shaped socket of the hip joint.
a neurotransmitter that is sent to bring a message from one
A small, dry, indehiscent one - seeded fruit with a thin wall
To gain with effort.
Something that has been obtained / performed.
attainment; success in getting something usually after a lot of effort
A recurring education reform model. It is a student - centered learning philosophy that focuses on empirically measuring student performance, which are called outcomes. It 's implementations often incorporate a host of many progressive pedagogical models and ideas. In this method, students demonstrate their learned required skills and content. Also called "Outcome - Based Education" or "Performance - Based Education".
Performance standards that provide a context for interpreting student performance.
A standardized test used to measure developed skill or knowledge.
Having no perianth, as the flowers of a willow.
absence of free hydrochloric acid in the stomach
a pain in the lower side of back
a genetic disorder characterised by short stature and disproportionately short limbs but normal trunk
not containing chromatin
spindle of delicate achromatic fibers
Tissue which is not stained by fluid dyes.
Having the shape of a needle
opposite of base
sour
Taking acid as basis
Acid and its opposite Base
the pH of the extracellular fluid is maintained at about 7. 4 despite production of upto 10mmol of hydrogen ions each day by the average adult. This is Acid - base balance.
not decolourised easily by acid - alcohol after staining as in the case of acid - fast bacteria.
bacillus which is not decolourised easily by acid - alcohol after staining
conversion into an acid
possession of hydrogen ions
an state of increased acid content of the blood
It is a process to work out whether the entity can pay its debts as soon as they full due - also known as liquidity ration.
the smallest division of a gland; the basic respiratory unit of pulmonary tissue taking part in gas exchange.
Confirm the receipt of.
to admit or accept something as true
A signal that a receiving station transmits in order to indicate that a block of information has been received and that its validity has been checked. Abbreviated ACK.
It is a signal passed between communicating processes or computers to signify acknowledgment, or receipt of response, as part of a communications protocol.
Receipt in token of having received.
Receipt in token of having received.
sending / receiving something with a proof of receipt.
It provides notification about delivery success or failure pertaining to each frame or packets.
the fact of acceptance of something in written form
to formally accept the liability of being in debt
A confirmation for a policy established ensuring that one has understood and read the facts contained therein.
a receipt / paper / saying that something has been received
an attachment receipt that claims the realisation of the money sent.
A command variables which are broadcasted to all readers and additionlly a read acknowledge is provided to the writer.
A list of permissions attached to an object with respect to a computer file system.
An educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession.
an inflammatory follicular, papular and pustular eruption involving the sebaceous apparatus
like flatworms, have no body cavity at all.
related to sound or to sense of hearing
A product for noise control.
A device that connects a terminal or computer to the handset of a telephone. It contains a shaped foam bed that the handset is placed in, and it also may contain the modem.
A device used in a communications link or a computer memory in which the signal is delayed by the propagation of a sound wave. Also known as sonic delay line.
A digitizer using acoustic waves originating from a stylus to determine the position of the stylus on a plate.
A computer memory that uses an acoustic delay line, in which a train of pulses travels through a medium such as mercury or quartz.
A modem that converts electrical signals to telephone tones and back again.
presentation of some work involving sound system / music
The extraction of information from signals propagated undersea, in the atmosphere, or in the solid earth in the presence of acoustic noise.
A storage device consisting of acoustic delay lines.
to make aware of something
to make familiar with something or somebody
Slight knowledge of a person or thing.
Slight knowledge of a person or thing.
animal connected with or living in or around water
familiar;
to be known to somebody, because they have met before
to know / recognize the handwriting of somebody
to know about the details / facts of the case
to accept without protest / argue, whereas one is not agreed with the idea
to accept without protest / argue, whereas one is not agreed with the idea
a state of acceptance without protest / argue, whereas one is not agreed with the idea
To earn by oneself.
to get by buying
to get, increase (accumulate) or have something as a result of some situation
developed as a result of factors acting from outside
Favourable condition that has been acquired.
resistance to some infection etc. developed as a result of factors acting from outside
an area of land that has been annexed or overtaken
to get currency of some other country against native currency
To obtain interest / rights by making payment for the related document e. g. bill etc.
one who gets or takes something over
The bank which is acquiring.
company which owns some other company by buying it
company which owns some other company by buying it
a domestic stock insurer or domestic mutual insurer
the person who purchases / procures property
The act of earning or obtaining.
The act of taking under own control.
getting of Indian nationality and its invalidation by terminating it.
getting the rights, title and interest of a company or a product and then transferring them during a sale.
The process of acquiring assets.
an official whose duty is to get / purchase the land
getting possession of land after purchase
getting of official rights of being the sole owner of something or a piece of writing.
to get something to store
getting possession of property
A period defined to collect perticular capacity.
Declare not guilty.
To set someone free or to release.
To rid of criminal liability.
To set free of malicious charges.
To settle claims that are offensive in nature
The process of being freed from a charge.
Release from debt.
a written document / receipt indicating that the settlement has been done.
Statement showing written receipt of payment.
Unit to measure a land.
Plural of acre
A wild forest spread over a vast land.
bitter, burning, irritating
A program from Adobe which facilitates the users capture a document and then view it in its original format and appearance.
Pertaining to acrobat.
Entertainer who is skilled in gymnastic feats and coordination.
A chromosome with its centromere.
a condition caused by the growth hormone (GH), secretion from a pituitary tumour in adult. It is characersed by lage hands and feet, growth of lower jaw, and skull, skin thinckening, inceased sweating, enlargement of lips, nose and tongue and visceromegal
an organelle that develops over the anterior half of the head in the spermatozoa (sperm cell) of many animals.
tingling and numbness in the exremities
from one side to the other side
To cross, to go from one side to another.
Something that is on the contrary side.
going right through the main part of something
Which applies to all.
Increase which is applicable to all (cadres etc).
Working at a desk / table dealing with translation.
An ovariole or egg tube containing food cells or trophocytes
A code name for Expression Graphic Designer Microsoft 's new software tool which is used for creating the images that appear in an application' s user interface, or UI
Something done or an action.
A law passed by a legislative body.
deed, work
to perform a part in a play or film / movie
to do something for a particular purpose)
a law passed by some statuitory body
Something that is done or brought into action.
to perform as the chief.
to work in accordance with the written notice
to act in a way that is influenced by cowardice
to act in a way that is careless and irresponsible way
to take action on something following an advice or order
any act that is perfect for deceiving
the component of the cytoskeletal system that allows movement of cells and cellular processes.
to do something as required by rule / situation or the way the authority want it to be done
to assist somebody or something
to work for someone else, on his behalf.
to do something while going against the law
Who is serving temporarily.
temporarily doing the duties or authority of another
the act, art, or occupation of performing in plays, movies, etc.
An allowance payable to an acting person.
a temporary appointment
performing as a banker
the person temporarily doing the duties of a chairman
the act of appointing someone the Chief Justice temporarily
acting in a way that is against the regulations
acting in a coordinated way
to work together as a team for getting a common work done
acting to put a plan into action
To perform duty with no malafide intention.
acting in the capacity of making or passing laws
a judge who has been appointed in a temporary capacity
to do something with the belief that it is correct.
a person playing the role of a partner for the time being
one who plays the role of a principal temporarily
Serving temporarily.
to do in order to help somebody
a muscle protein found in the myofibrils
radiant energy causing photochemical effects
to do as per rule
to deal / do according to the law
to go according to the summons
Capable of being divided into equal halves along any diameter
in the process of doing something
to do whatever is required to carry out official duties / work
do something as a routine in business
Process of doing something.
Act of doing something.
accomplishment of an effect
performance of a function
The state of being active, it is also the operating part that transmits power to a mechanism.
A proceeding brought by one party against the other.
It is banks legal claim to a debt (like book debts) even though the bank does not have actual possession.
A committee that decides course of action.
It is a psychological model which describes the steps humans take when they interact with computer systems.
An educational process whereby the participant studies their own actions and experience in order to improve performance. This concept is close to learning - by - doing and teaching through examples and repetitions.
The line of action of a force F expresses the geometry of how F is applied. It is the line through the point at which F is applied and along the direction in which F is applied.
A message sent through a binary format which is used to serialize ActionScript objects.
A detailed scheme to pursue a task.
It is a semantic function which a programmer instructs a compiler to execute at a particular point in the parse.
Something that raises lawful questions against the other.
To make it work.
Something that is made active or capable to function
made active
an absorbent agent produced by subjecting carbon to steam and acid.
an absorbent agent produced by subjecting cabonaceous materials to steam and acid. It is capable of binding to a toxic substance in the gastrointestinal tract.
a substance that absorbs poisons from the GI tract.
the process of making active
In computational networks, the activation function of a node defines the output of that node given an input or set of inputs.
A variable part of a program module, such as data and control information, that may vary with different instances of execution.
a substance which renders another substance active or accelerates a process or reaction; a substance that stimulates the development of a specific structure in the embroyo
a DNA - binding protein that regulates one or more genes by increasing the rate of transcription
The physical part of a chip that contains the transistors, resistors and capacitors, which perform computing and storage operations.
The avilable balance of amount in the account that can be paid on demand.
Bonds on which interest is payable on a fixed rate.
Invested amount of capital that is being used in the business.
The intersection of a row and column in a spreadsheet that is currently selected. Also known as current cell.
That part of notes (currency) which is usually in circulation.
A configuration file which has the ability to support multiple configurations, however, only one of the configurations is active at any point in time.
A control using ActiveX technologies.
An active database is a database that includes active rules, mostly in the form of ECA rules.
Active DBMS support the definition, management and execution of event / condition / action rules specifying reactive application behavior.
Centralized repository of information about data such as meaning, relationships to other data, origin, usage, and format.
A conventional or passive DBMS (data base management system) combined with a means of event detection and condition monitoring.
Such type of deposits which are on increase continuously.
Active Directory server refers to an Active Directory service which is a Microsoft 's trademarked directory service runs in a windows server and it is an integral part of the Windows 2000 architecture.
An end of a Line Unit taking the place of terminal resistor and solving the problem of nuisance alarm in fire alarm system.
A collection of records that is currently being used or is available for use.
A central connecting device in a network that regenerates signals on the output side to keep the signal strong. Also called a "multiport repeater."; A hub that includes a signal amplifier.
A term towards investing a fund where both institutional and individual investors have accepted indexing, index benchmarks and the investment products that track them.
the substance in a drug or a pesticide that is pesticidal or pharmaceutically active.
A machine learning technique for learning a function from training data.
It refers to several models of instruction that focus the responsibility of learning on learners.
A profile or even a software focussing latest news, market research, credit research, and investment research.
A workflow objects of the Action Request System that fire on the client - side of the application.
Loans where regular transaction (debit / credit) are taking place (Which are not defunct).
Something that is in the state of action.
Market where transactions take place frequently.
A relatively active computer master file, as determined by usage data.
A relatively active item in a computer master file, as determined by usage data.
Refers to a type of LCD that uses thin film transitors for monitors. Here, each transitor can be turned on or off.
Money which is not lying idle and in being used.
A table containing list of names of various fields.
Active Node is a network device capable of forwarding packets and giving them the computation service in the meantime.
A framework which is a callback - based form of multitasking for computer systems.
Partner who participates in the functioning of firm.
Population which is engaged in generating (income etc) activities.
An active logical channel or channel endpoint in a communications system.
A tool for Windows NT / 2000 / XP that enables us to monitor all open TCP / IP and UDP ports on the local computer.
The scheduler / dispatcher hardcore data structure.
UNIX uses several tables to keep the system running smoothly. Information on simple processes, those with non - sharable code, is stored in two sets of table, the process table, which resides in memory, and the user table, which resides in memory only while the process is active.
A record references maintained in the table by its actual ID.
An action in defence taken pro actively.
A satellite which transmits a signal.
A systemwide Active Segment Table (AST) which is used to coordinate segment sharing.
A type of MIDI message that travels over MIDI cables just like note data or controller data.
A Web server technology from Microsoft that allows for the creation of dynamic, interactive sessions with the user. An ASP is a Web page that contains HTML and embedded programming code written in VBScript or Jscript.
The part of an enzyme at which catalysis of the substrate occurs.
Societies which are involved in different activities and busy doing things.
A plateform having respective mass memories.
Share etc in which regular trading takes place.
Active Storage is an Intel Capital Portfolio Company - innovative developers of hardware RAID solutions for Apple based corporate infrastructures.
A means of ending a chain of peripheral devices connected to a small computer system interface (SCSI) port, suitable for longer chains, where it can reduce electrical interference.
The amount of trade balance which is in favour.
Active transactions (in Collaborative Virtual Environments) is a consistency model focused on the strength of the data consistency. It was developed by Jan Peiva at Brno University of Technology in 2006.
A mode of investing money in Range - Bound Markets.
Opening in the earths through which fumes and molten lava is ejected.
In a windowing environment, the window in which the user is currently working and which receives keyboard input.
One who pursues action actively to achieve an end.
Person who advocates for a particular cause.
Anything that is active in state.
Pursuing business profession or other action.
the quality of accomplishing an effect
Something that is in motion or is lively.
A unique and effective approach to attract out - of - school children to schools. The teachers who are involved in implementing this method have developed activities for each learning unit which facilitated readiness for learning, instruction, reinforcement and evaluation. It has transformed the classrooms into hubs of activities and meaningful learning.
A feature of loading the page on web.
The quantitative relation between the targets and the achievement.
The step of learner activity based on the enabling objective. In achieving the activity the learner is carried through the teaching points and the teaching steps.
act according to law
part of somebody 's regular work
act which is not sincere; and involves dishonest intentions
Something wrong that inadvertently happens with no intention.
Action where commission or omission are possible.
law or rule of a dominion (controlling) legislature (political unit vested with the power to make law)
the works and doing of the firm
Happening of an incident that was never imagined.
The act of natural force that cannot be controlled.
act of mercy
behavior or act that is not appropriate and polite
inability to square off the debts and thereby getting into bankruptcy
act of disobedience
any work that is done to comply with the law
any rule pertaining to the legislature
Action which forms improper conduct.
any action for omission
Action where commission or omission are possible.
Act that has been passed by parliament.
a stature / law enacted by the UK Parliament
the work of the concerned parties involved in a particular task
any action or work that is the handiwork of enemies in general
act of entering a land or building where one is not allowed to enter
any act with the intention of damage, abuse or violation
an aggressive act, usually employing military force, which constitutes an immediate threat to peace
To assume
An act of doing anything that is being done based on instructions..
to do something in the capacity of an agent for another person or institute
to do something following the rules / principals of business
Performer who acts on the stage.
act of keeping oneself away from alcohol, sex, etc. because of moral or religious reasons
To carry out an action as per rules.
a work that is supposed to be done
to do something that shows one 's different of opinion, disagreement or disapproval
to work together for getting something done or achieved
to act in a manner that is concerned with or related to the past.
to act in a manner that betrays any confidence or trust
Something that is genuine or is in real.
The actual location of data in its storage medium.
Receipt which is original.
Value of something which it can fetch in cash.
An exact code required while writing a programme.
Actual data transfer rate refers to the achieved average net bit rate that is delivered to the application layer, exclusive of all protocol overhead, data packets retransmissions, etc
The period appearing on a printed report as opposed to the virtual point defined only by the data structure within the computer.
Items of property which are in real existence.
A fixed time schedule for working.
To turn something into action.
A data item in COBOL computer language which can be used as an address.
Something that is real or existing fact.
Statistics in fact.
Figures relating to a particular head which reflect achievement against the target.
No. of employees working the organisation at a point of time.
Time taken by a program to perform a given task.
The amount of gross loss exists.
The amount of expenses which have in fact been incurred on travelling.
Who actually uses the goods / services.
The time in seconds for a telephone assistance operator to handle a particular type of call or query.
Work connected with calculation of insurance risks.
Risk in insurance that is calculated by an expert for liability coverage.
Estimation of value done by actuarial.
Person who calculates insurance risks.
To put something into action or in motion.
to start the proceedings of arresting a person declared a criminal by a court
act in such a way that is affected with its due course
act with his authorization; sanction
to work under the order of a higher authority
to act in a way that is against one 's duty rules
An action that is being completed.
To carry out an action up to a particular extent.
to work within the limits of the rules or guidelines
sharpness, clearness
sharpness of vision, determined by asking the patient to read the letters of a Snellen 's chart at a distance of six metres.
Something that has capacity of good understanding or who has ability to judge well.
a leaf narrowing to a slender point.
a Chinese procedure in which specific areas of the body along the peripheral nerves are pierced with fine needles to relieve pain
rapid onset with severe symptoms and sharp course
sharp or severe in effect
Something that has got intense degree or sharp ending point.
Something that has a sharp insight.
Dermal exposure is an important route of exposure.
effectiveness compared to quantity.
the total of adverse effects caused by a substance
Something that is effective or clear.
Adverse effect caused when a hazardous substance is taken into the body by mouth (ingestion).
Fast failure of systems to substance consumed.
Something that is very less in quantity.
A compound which is not cyclic.
It is a directed graph with no directed cycles.
An abbreviation used to denote that something that took place after Christ was born.
The year is given as sixteen hundred and thirty two after date.
A small lane or street with lot of items to offer.
Something that moves in a slow motion.
A programming language, based on Pascal and developed for the U. S. Department of Defense.
This first man of human race.
Something inflexible or too hard.
Pertaining to a bursa that does not envelop the entire tail.
The adanal supplements.
Organs of secretion and attachment adjacent to the anus of some male nematodes.
To make something suitable according to the required changes.
Modification of an organism or its parts or organs
Who is able to adopt himself according to new conditions.
Things those have been adopted.
adjustment of something or somebody to its environment
To get adapted to a particular environment or scenario.
The Adapter Address is a unique number associated with our computer 's network adapter. One should follow the appropriate instructions for our Operation System to locate our Adapter Address.
In computing, a printed circuit board which can be attched into an extension slot of a computer motherboard to add supplementary functionality to a computer system.
Adapter device refers to such a device which connects the computer or terminal to a network.
A function driver for a device or interfaces between different levels of the WDM architecture.
A host side adapter with pipeline segments, each adapter segment containing a slot extending longitudinally to some extent.
To alter something in order to make it suitable for use.
aquiring after acceptence.
A planning aiming at budgeting, forecasting, and reporting solutions on demand basis, in media it Provides web application development, database design and administration, hosting, and project consulting / management.
Something that is capable of adaptation.
Any of several techniques used in scheduling to accommodate individual differences. It may permit the student to bypass material they already know or may provide them with additional instruction as needed. Also called adjustive device.
Any such communications system, or portion thereof, which automatically makes use of feedback information that is obtained from the system itself or from the signals carried by the system to modify dynamically one or more of the system operational par
Adaptive differential pulse - code modulation refers to the technique for converting sound or analog information to binary information by taking frequent samples of the sound.
Customizing a link on a Web page based on the habits of the user.
A linkage between related information
Adaptive integration refers to that method which takes large steps when variation scale - length of the solution is large, and vice versa.
In computer science, a technique which executes dynamic recompilation of segments of a program according to the current execution profile.
It is used to estimate the cardinality of a stream of data using an online algorithm.
A method of sequential sampling in which the later sampling procedure is affected by the earlier results.
It is an adaptive space partitioning technique, solving the ambiguity problems through collision detection tests based on Oct - tree structure.
It refers to any such "product, device, or equipment, whether acquired commercially, modified or customized, that is used to maintain, increase, or improve the functional capabilities of individuals with disabilities."
To adjust to a particular condition or situation.
ADCON is a beginning point of a program or table.
In context of telecommunication, ADCPM is an abbreviation for Adaptive differential pulse - code modulation which refers to the technique that converts a sound or analog information to binary information by taking frequent samples of the sound.
Something added to existing one.
To connect something or to put something together.
To combine something so as to increase the quantity.
1. Formally enroll in (add) a class or course / remove yourself from (drop) a class after you have registered. 2. A process at the beginning of the term when students can change their course schedules, adding or dropping classes with the instructors permission.
Something that creates an interest or to make something beautiful.
An entry which is in addition to the original entry already recorded.
The fields which are not used as often in bibliographic records for archival control as they are for other types of control.
Cost which is more than the normal value.
Any of a set of numbers to be added.
Something added to existing one.
Additional matter at the end of the book.
Something that is added or increased in number.
A digital circuit that performs addition of numbers.
It is a circuit that is capable of adding or subtracting numbers (in particular, binary).
File type (OS / 2 adapter driver file used in the boot process).
a person who is physically or psychologically or both is dependent on a substance, especially alcohol or drug
To habituate, become dependent of certain act or substance.
Person who is psychologically dependant, on a particular substance or activity.
It was an online music magazine in the early days of the World Wide Web. Also used for a person having habbit of listening sound or music.
psychological or physical dependence on a substance (alcohol, drug) or practice (eating, gambling) which is beyond voluntary control
Condition of being dependant on something.
Something that is pertaining to addiction.
Habit or dependency of someting.
An act of joining something.
Machine which is used to get total.
Through adding machine we can double - check our work.
The act of adding.
It is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection.
An Act of joining one thing to something else.
Which is added one or extra.
which is in addition to the existing one (relating to some post).
Something that is supplementary to what already exist.
Additional amount of tax over and above the one already asked for by tax authorities.
Facilities which a bank provides in addition to the normal booking services.
Entrusting work in addition to the present one.
Sum of money which is more than required collection.
An additional tax levied on imports to off set the subsidy element in exporting country.
Amount of extra tax levied as excise duty in place of sales tax.
Funds which are over and above the existing one.
Grant which is over and above the existing one.
Information which is in addition to the available one.
Information which is in addition to the available one.
Invoice which is in addition to the original.
Something that is extra or furthermore added.
Additional pay is the amount which is paid to employee for overtime or additional work.
Requirements for the post which are in addition to the existing one.
Amount of surcharge in addition to the existing one.
Amount of tax which is over and above the existing one.
Act of adding and altering something.
An attributes which can be configured in addition with custom getters, setters and validators, allowing the developer to normalize and validate values being stored.
Additional set of series.
A file that contains new record entries for a database.
An act of uniting something.
Which is required to be added and modified in the text.
Something that is required to be added and changed.
Certain additions and improvement in the text quality.
Adding some items and deleting some others in the text.
Which is over and above the pay.
A Table of Arithmetic Exercise. +.
the simple sum of effects due to multiple causes
formation of resistance by adding or altering substance.
Something that is to be added inorder to improve or preserve
Something that is not clear or confused.
A formal speech delivered to audience.
An indication of a place where the person lives.
The location of a particular memory or peripheral storage in a computer; The location of a Web site or other Internet facility.
Something that is in the form of a speech or writing.
It is a location at which a person or a thing may be found.
To speak to or to pay an attention to something.
Reachable. When something is addressable, it can be identified and manipulated independently of its surroundings.
In context of computing, Addressable refers to something that is addressable, it can be recognized and manipulated separately of its surroundings, such as pixets of computer 's screen wherein each of the screen' s picture elements can be saperatly turned on and off.
In computer graphics, any point of a device that can be addressed.
A feature of some E - Mail applications, and other application software, that stores names, E - Mail Addresses, and other contact information in an accessible format.
An internal computer communications channel that carries addresses from the central processing unit to components under the unit 's control.
A hash table, or a hash map, is a data structure that associates keys with values.
The modification by a computer of an address within an instruction, or of an instruction based on results obtained so far. Also known as address modification.
Person to whom some communication is addressed.
Person to whom some communication is addressed.
The portion of a computer program instruction which specifies where a particular piece of information is located in the computer memory.
A description of the number of addresses included in a computer instruction.
The machenism to generate the address.
Addressing virtual memory refers to that addressing which introduces a layer of abstraction between program code and physical memory that facilitates a program code to be compiled in a way so that each process could be able to make specific access to the entire memory address space.
Where one can put his address.
When email comes in, each recipient address is mapped to a stream. This process is called address mapping.
The modification by a computer of an address within an instruction, or of an instruction based on results obtained so far. Also known as address computation.
An speech to be delivered in honour of someone.
Machine for printing address.
A register wherein the address part of an instruction is stored by a computer.
The process of obtaining the actual machine address needed to perform an operation.
ARP is a protocol for mapping an Internet Protocol address to a physical machine address that is recognized in the local network.
In computers @ is pronounced as "at" or "at sign" or "address sign" on the Internet. It is a symbol in an e - mail address that separates the name of the user from the user 's Internet address.
Address space is the quantum of memory which is allocated for all possible addresses for a computational entity, like a device, a file, a server, or a networked computer.
The number of storage locations available to a computer program.
The Address table is such a table which contains addresses those could be correlated with various entities.
Something that is written on an envelope showing its location.
Transforming one address into another.
Address translator is a device or program which transforms symbolic addresses into machine addresses.
In context of information technology, Adds, moves and changes is related to network administration, these are required when new users or network components are added to network, users and some components are removed from the network or users change their location in the network and locations of the components are changed within the network.
To combine something so as to increase the size.
To unite or to combine something.
To increase the amount of something by giving more to it.
To cite as an instance.
Something that is offered as an evidence.
An act of moving a part of the body towards center of another part.
movement of a limb or eye towards the median line or beyond it
any muscle that causes adduction.
Something that signifies expected meaning.
To attach something so as to increase the number.
Something that brings to the desired or reasonable meaning.
File type (OS / 2 adapter driver file used in the boot process).
A pupa with immovable mandibles.
inflamation of a gland
a benign epithelial tumour in which the tumour cells form glands or gland - like structures in the stroma
someone who is highly skilled or who has a great knowledge.
The state of being sufficiently adequate.
Something that satisfies a particular requirement.
A test which provide the engineer with guidance on how to populate test suites.
The state of being adequate of data.
Sufficient to satisfy a requirement.
Something that is acceptable or hardly sufficient.
Payment for service which is adequate.
Careful thought on all things.
Something that is upto minimal standard.
Place where good number of banks are operating looking to the need of the area.
A order of five letters used to express a sound.
Something that remain attached or sticks fast.
Somebody who is totally devoted to a particular religion etc.
Faithfully observing a rule etc.
which has ability to adhere, as of bacteria adhering to specific receptors found on some cells
A disciple or a close follower.
To get attached or clinged.
To be faithful to.
To be faithful to.
To keep or obey certain rules.
To abide or follow certain rules and regulations.
a plaster which acts as an adhesive to unite together two parts or surfaces
a plaster which adheres to the two parts and thus unite them together
Tickets used for affixing.
A strip used for sticking.
A strip used for sticking.
It means the presiding god or godess.
settlement done for some specific case.
For particular purpose.
To match something for a specific purpose.
Advantage derived from some specific activity Which is not regular.
A committee constituted for specific purpose.
Requisition of material for specific use.
Requisition of material for specific purpose.
in computers known as short distance or duration, so ad - hoc network means a local area network or other small network in which some of the network devices are part of the network only for the duration of a communications session.
A board of judicial officers to decide a specific matter.
a condition in which a person is unable to perform rapid alternating movements
It is a name of a store located at park street in kolkata.
A term used for half scriptures.
A name of the northern district of Andhra Pradesh.
A name of a hotel or a place to have food.
It means the first lord.
Which is for ever.
For ever.
For the meantime.
Something that occurs in the mean time.
one of the cells found in adipose tissue which are specialized in storage of fat
person having excessive accumulation of fat in the body
excessive accumulation of fat in the body
excessive accumulation of fat in the body
A city in gujrat in the kutch district.
It means the direct descent of the first shankara.
In mathematics and computer science, an adjacency matrix is a means of representing which vertices of a graph are adjacent to which other vertices.
An effect or formulation like an "LMP adjacency" which is formed between two nodes when at least one bi - directional control channel is established between them.
An AAO is an asymmetric assertion, where one AS is asserting that an inter - domain routing adjacency with another AS exists.
A method of Inputting a graph on a computer by its Adjacency Matrix or Adjacency List.
An Adjacency Matrix based method to compute the node connectivity of a Computer Communication Network.
A listing, for each vertex of a graph, of all the other vertices adjacent to it.
A major consideration for the future of the Sub - Area of specific field like Elephant Rock, Achromatic colour contrast, Port Orchard with its various adjacency.
Which is lying nearby.
Which is adjoining.
Which is in the vicinity.
Something that has a position close to another.
Two domains interconnected by means of equipment located at a single common node or between nodes of two networks.
A term that is being used as an adjective.
A speech which tends to describve a noun.
Which is next to.
To be close or in contact with each other.
Something being in contact or connection with another.
Something that is placed close to another.
A source - to - source translator which generates Fortran routines for computation of the first - order derivatives out of Fortran routines.
Which has been delayed for a future time.
Stopped for the time being.
To suspend an activity to a letr time or place.
To delay or postpone matter or meeting to a later time or place.
The act of adjourning.
A proposal moved in legislature to stop work.
To decide based on judicial principles.
To declare or award something.
To award somebody formally throught judicial proceedings.
Person who has been legally declared unable to pay his debts.
To determine by law.
A decision or a formal judgment.
Matter decided as per law.
Act of deciding about a claim judicially.
Process of deciding about notes for which claims have been received judicially.
Order containing adjudication verdict.
One who adjudicate.
Person who is acting as adjudicator.
An adjunct faculty is a part - time faculty who does not hold a permanent position at that particular academic institution.
An adjunct professor is a part - time professor who does not hold a permanent position at that particular academic institution.
A type of instructional device that applies programming principles to existing course materials, texts, manuals, etc.
An act of asking or requesting.
To change a process / thing that it matches with other relevant part.
1. A device for some mechanism. 2. To change so as to match or fit; cause to correspond. 3. To bring into proper relationship.
An act of adapting to a particular environmental conditions.
An act of changing something so that it fits.
An act of putting something in order.
An advance which can be adjusted at a later date.
Currency that can be adjusted with other currencies
Adjustable extent consisting of two black dots, 1 mm in diameter, set on a tongue - and - groove apparatus.
Which has been made to match.
Price which is regulated by small amount to suit needs.
Person who attends the work of adjusting.
Giving effect to adjustment.
Account relating to adjustment.
Register maintained to record adjusting entries.
Entry relating to adjustment.
Entry relating to adjustment in journal.
Entry relating to adjustment in ledger.
Any of several techniques used in scheduling to accommodate individual differences. It may permit the student to bypass material they already know or may provide them with additional instruction as needed. Also called adaptive branching.
The process of adjusting.
when the body brings inner changes to adapt to changed outer factors
An account maintained for adjustment.
Adjustment effected by transfer of an entry from one place to another.
A well defined process of making adjustment.
Process / Act of setting / adjusting the accounts.
Adjustment, details of which are recorded in writing.
Adjustment for the purpose of adjustment, not reflected any where.
A register maintained for recording adjustment.
Transaction meant for adjustment.
A mode that enables a user to reformat text to accommodate specified line length and page sizes.
A text mode in an application. In Windows XP SP2, when we run Outlook Express in plain text mode, we cannot adjust the size of the message text, and cannot perform a full - text search in the body of an e - mail message.
An officer to assists superior military officers.
The adjutant of a unit having a general staff
a non - specific immune enhancer; the agent added to a drug affects the action of the active ingredient in a predictable manner
Something that is free or without any restrictions.
as desired
as desired
Something that is as per one 's liking or satisfaction.
To measure, calculate, and certify
An act of determining dimensions.
determined quantity
Supportive or corroborative evidence
To manage the running of administration.
To give out.
Regulating the basic work of administration
Administered be in charge or be responsible for discipline
To contribute assistance
Be responsible for the implementation
To direct or supervise the way an activity is carried out.
Manage or being responsible to carry out an activity.
An act of making an application.
Controlled or directed by the president with the help of local govt or local body
The supervision which is directed in a precise manner
Price that is fixed as per direction of the Govt.
The system of levying interest on loans and advances which is directed / fixed by the Central bank of the country.
Having power for managing the affairs of.
Securing, preserving and managing any evacuee property
The justification of the directed union with respect to law
Directing someone to take oath.
Take affidavit from any person as evidence
To give poison
Administer to any party to arbitration
Intimation of caution
Management of affairs (of business or Govt.).
The action of dispensing or applying something
An act of providing medication.
Responsibilities and duties which go with the rights of controlling
Consider the scope of public relations
A bond given by a person to whom the administration of another 's property is entrusted
Handover all the responsibility, power within jurisdiction of competent court
The authority received by an administration from a competent court to administer the estate of a deceased person
The instrument or authority by which an administrator is authorized by court to have the charge and administration of the goods of an intestate
The power to try suits and proceedings of civil as well as criminal nature
To manage the scheme of export promotion.
The act of managing funds.
Managing the process of providing justice.
Arrangement of the medical facilities or allowances for medical treatments
Causing hurt by means of poison
Rights or powers to take decision regarding property
The process ensure that rules are complied.
Control the activities of the schedule areas by developing the functional power of the urban local body
Arrangements that has been made for the scheme implementing.
Management of the systematic plan (scheme).
To look after the matters relating to small loans.
Dispensation the affairs with the rules and by - laws for furtherance of objects
Dispensation the affairs of union with the rules and by - laws for the furtherance of its objects
Property of the deceased person, a ward or a lunatic or a bankrupt is administered by the executors, legal heirs or in court
Administration by Lieutenant Governor by forming Legislative Assembly with respect to parliament law
Court on a petition, give opinion, advice or directions to the trustee
Administration by Lieutenant Governor by forming Legislative Assembly with respect to parliament law
A suit brought by anyone interested for administration of a decedent 's estate
Pertains to the management of affairs (administrative).
Something that is related to administration.
Capability to administer.
Account relating to administration.
The dispensing, applying, or tendering of something, such as an oath, a sacrament
A process through which approval of administration is given.
Audit relating to administrative matters.
Person having powers in administrative matters.
A university building / block where all administration related works are completed.
A university building / block where all administration related works are completed.
A group of personnel for managing matters relating to administration.
Ability to hold a competent position lawfully
charge of the Administration of the Law and Judicial Department
To exercise authority on administrative machinary.
A management that suits administration.
A part of the organisation that looks after administrative matters.
General Administration Departments dealing with the administrative matters
Way of pursuading someone to do something using a mixture of promises and threats.
In context of networking, the administrative domain refers to the collection of hosts and routers, and the interconnecting network (s) which is usually handled by a single administrative authority.
Expenditure incurred on matters relating to administration.
experience in administrative capacity in a Government local body or autonomous organizations
Professional duty relating to administration.
Leader of the administrative team.
The main managing office of the organization or business of the district of Udaipur in Rajasthan.
What is implied for administration.
Inspection on matters relating to administration.
Directions relating to administrative matters.
Rules or guidelines with the objective of enabling the resolution
An act by an administrator.
some other public servant under administrative control of his official superior
A domain - level tasks peretaining to management in administration.
Action initiated in matters relating to administration.
Ministry that manages matters relating to administration.
The management department of any organization or
Authorized person to handle different department of operations, to define the routine maintenance activity in accordance with the administration.
An operation wherein the executive manager of administrative operations oversees the various county departments that support the overall operation of the county.
Station Controller and communication centre among Senior Executives, middle Management and Administrative Staff.
The powers upon which principles of fairness and natural justice are not applicable
Price that is fixed as per directive of the competent authority.
Income that pertains to the administration.
Process of granting administrative permission.
the highest cadre of the civil services in India
Body of officers and assistants for the governance of college administration
A layout which specifies administration related structure.
A system wherein Office and administrative support supervisors and managers plan or supervise support staff to ensure that they can work efficiently.
Method of running administration.
The tribunals which are concerned with administrative law
low level administrative division of a country, ranked below a province, region, or state.
Qualities or reputation of administrator in the sense of law
Administrator general of the state for the administration of estate
President may appoint the governor or Lieutenant Governor of states as administrator
A woman who administer the estate of an intestate
something that is worth of praise.
a naval officer of very high rank
The chief or master of a fishing ship.
the supreme commander of a fleet
Jurisdiction area of admiral
Department of law which relates to maritime property, affairs and transactions
Jurisdiction on civil actions related to ship and sea
An act of looking something with great pleasure.
An act of praising or appreciating something.
Having quality of being acceptable.
Allowances to be distributed
Which is worthy of acceptance.
Capable of being allowed or conceded
Expenditure which is acceptable.
Expenditure which capable of being allowed.
The evidence introduced is of such a character that the court or judge is bound to receive it
The effect of evidence which is capable of being allowed or conceded
Which can be granted / paid as per rules in force.
Acknowledging something.
Act of admitting (Process of entering).
The fact of being admitted to a place, society, body or institution
The act of accepting or the fact of being accepted for the purpose of consideration
An act of allowing somebody to enter.
Consider and dispose of an impression taken for correction
A committee appointed to look after matters relating to admission.
A fee paid to enter a place (institution etc.)
A fee that is being charged for giving rights of entry to individuals.
A structured form where particulars relating to admission are recorded.
The fact of being admitted to any place for prisoners in custody of police
The acceptance by court of an appeal for the purpose of consideration
The fact of being accepted for the purpose of consideration
Party 's acknowledgment that the fact or statement is true
Receive a formal application by court for judicial action
Receipt of a statement in writing for the cause of action in a suit
Students who have completed and filed the College Admission Form, are admitted to the College and are eligible to register for classes.
Change of name under holding (shares etc.) when accepted.
formation of new States, and alteration of areas, boundaries or names of existing States
Enrollment or registration processes for opting a course in an institution.
admission requirements
Admission which is not permanent.
A test conducted for judging suitability for admission.
To allow a person entrance.
To allow a person entrance.
Allow to enter
to accept for the purpose of consideration
To give somebody a right of entrance.
A right of carrying out certain activity or function.
Accept a request or a petition for consideration
Receive a formal statement in writing for the cause of action in a suit
allow to join as a minor
Card issued in token of having admitted.
Accept or allow the documents for the evidence
Alteration of the boundaries of states for the admission in to the union
To accept some document or words for consideration
Award compensation in money for the deficiency
The act of granting permission to enter.
Allowed to enter.
Allowed to enter.
Claim accepted for its redressal
Amount of loan that has been confessed by the loanee.
Which has been confessed / accepted in court of law to prove / disprove a point.
An act of confessing or admitting
allowable for further proceedings
document admitted as evidence for the legal proceeding of claim
certification of a document as a valid will in the jurisdiction of court
Document accepted for making certain endorsement
Acceptance for the accomplishment of a thing on which parties are agreed
Accepting truth without doing any hesitation
designate a person to discharge the duties of an office or trust
To accept the bail
Acceptance of anything for the effect of evidence
Content of particulars with the insolvency petition as evidence of insolvency
Allow someone to take the benefits
Provide rights or immunity to the colleges or institutions to maintain them in the jurisdiction of university
An act of mixing something with something else.
The compound formed by the mixture of different substances
Anything that is being added by something else.
A reproving act.
An act of reminding something about a duty.
An act of scolding.
To caution somebody against doing out something which is forbidden.
To scold somebody in a good manner.
Act of rebuking.
United to a part or organ of a different kind, as stamens attached to petals.
ADO is an abbreviation for ActiveX Data Objects which refers to an application program interface from Microsoft that facilitates a programmer writing Windows applications to get access to a relational or non - relational database from both Microsoft and other database providers.
Adobe Acrobat is a family of application software from Adobe Systems.
Adobe 's popular high - end image editor for the Macintosh and Windows.
Adobe postscript is the worldwide printing and imaging standard which is used by print service providers, publishers, corporations, and government agencies around the world
Who is between age of childhood and adulthood.
the period between puberity and attainment of complete growth and maturity
related to the period between puberty and attainment of maturity
To accept or formally approve.
To take as one 's own.
Formally approve or accept
To take and receive as one 's own that which is not naturally so
To accept a particular decision.
To take somebody or something into custody.
To accept or go ahead according to a plan.
Legal act whereby an adult person takes a minor into the relation of child
Legally take another 's child and bring it up as one' s own
A village which the institution (a bank) is going to serve.
Who has been adopted.
A person who embraces new technology before most other people do.
The act of adopting a child.
The act of adopting a child.
The act of taking as one 's own.
the act of accepting with approval
a legal proceeding that creates a parent - child relation between persons not related by blood
A signed agreement to take somebody else 's child into one' s family and become its legal parents.
To hand over the adoption right to somebody who has the authority to receive it.
adopting a right or claim of succeeding to a title, ownership of property, etc.
To accept or approve a text, especially, formally.
To receive the adoption right legally from somebody who held it.
The family of the parents who adopt somebody, especially a child.
A man who adopts somebody, especially a child.
A woman who adopts somebody, especially a child.
Person who is adopting.
Choose as standard
To worship or honor.
To admire or worship.
To decorate or beautify.
Something that tends to beautify or add attraction.
The act of adorning yourself with something.
A person who has who has become obliged through a promise (usually expressed in a contract) towards another.
The quality of being able to meet a need satisfactorily, or being sufficient for the end in view.
The person who operates adrema (a machine for addressing envelopes, etc., also called addressograph)
near the kidney
related to adrenal gland
a gland near the kidney
An human hormone which is secreted by the adrenal gland which help body to control stress.
Drifting or floating freely or not anchored; without purpose of direction; legally means abandoned, unsettled, insecure, etc.
An individual who is an expert or highly skilled.
a substance that absorbs; a substance capable of attaching other substances to its surface without any chemical action
the property of a substance to attract and hold to its surface other substances, gas or liquid
Accumulation of atoms or molecules on the surface of a material.
An act of praising somebody greatly.
Person who has attained the age of adulthood.
Person who has attained the age of adulthood.
fully grown and mature individual or organism
A consumption unit comprising of adults.
A consumption unit comprising of adults.
Teaching and instruction of illiterate adult people.
A public officer entrusted with the task of looking after adult education.
1. A course (via lectures or correspondence) for adults who are not otherwise engaged in formal study. 2. The practice of teaching and educating adults.
A substance used for adultering.
to render poorer in quality by adding another substance.
An act of making something impure by adding inferior material.
An act of making something impure or inferior.
Anything rendered poorer in quality by mixing or adding another substance.
A drug rendered poorer in quality by mixing or adding another substance.
Any pesticide whose strength or purity falls below the quality stated on its label.
Adding inferior substance in the genuine product.
addition of impure, cheap or even toxic substances in a formation, preparation or food material
The act of rendering food or drugs impure or poorer in quality by adding another substance.
A person who is guilty of committing adultery.
Sexual intercourse outside the marriage.
immoral (sexual) relation with somebody other than husband or wife
immoral (sexual) relation with somebody other than husband or wife
To live with a person other than their spouse in a sexual relationship.
Where only the adults have been granted voting rights.
Any member of the family who is male and has reached the age of majority.
Any member of any form of social, political, cultural or economic organization (eg. family, co - operative, etc) who has reached the age of majority.
A carrier of message who has reached the age of majority.
An individual who has fully grown of age.
A teacher who teaches in a school opened for educating illiterate adults.
The right of adult persons to vote in the public elections, especially for members of parliament.
A worker who has reached the age of majority.
According to value of the goods
Having a proportionate value to the estimated value.
A tariff that is being charged as a percentage.
Money paid before it is due (for different purposes).
Money paid before it is due (for different purposes).
Money paid before it is due (for different purposes).
To hand over payment to someone before its due, or as a loan.
An amount given as loan or before its due.
An amount given as loan or before its due.
An amount given in advance against salary or to meet some expenses.
An act of bringing in front or forward.
Accounting entries passed in advance.
Amount paid against bills which are payable but yet to be settled.
Banking which is highly developed.
When bill raised before shipment of the goods.
Bills raised for recovery of charges.
An act of entering in list in advance.
Copy of document / application which is submitted before the formal copy.
Something that is very much ahead.
Advanced Access Content System refers to the standard for content distribution and digital rights management which restricts access to and copying of the next generation of optical discs and DVDs. This standard has been adopted as the access restriction scheme for HD DVD and Blu - ray Disc (BD).
System of accountancy which is advanced.
Advanced Audio Coding refers to that standardized, lossy compression and encoding scheme which is used for digital audio that has been designed and developed as the successor of the MP3 format, in comparision to MP3 it provides better sound quality at many bit - rates.
More developed banking which is beyond the elementary level.
Advance payment made as a loan.
A service with low - cost solutions in Value Added Network (VAN) services having updated communication facility.
An industry specification for the efficient handling of power consumption in desktop and mobile computers.
An industry specification for the efficient handling of power consumption in desktop and mobile computers.
A term used with management, Structures and Algorithms, analysis, business analytics and business intelligence and Advanced Data Communication Control Procedures (ADCCP) etc.
Highly developed stage of economy.
A returnable sum paid to cover possible loss or damage.
Amount of increase in salary which is granted before it is due.
Amount of increase in salary which is granted before it is due.
More developed study and research of something which is beyond the elementary aspects.
More developed training covering aspects beyond the elementary level.
An entry recorded in advance.
Progressive type of service provided by a financial institution for a trading company for purchase of its invoices.
A type of advance in connection with forest.
Expansion of forest area.
Advance payment made for something to be bought for future acceptance or sold for future delivery.
An advance payment made as future loan.
Amount of increase in salary which is granted before it is due.
Awareness of something beforehand.
Promotion of a cause or field.
Accelaration of growth or progress of something.
A promotion or elevation to a higher rank or position.
A gift of money or property made by a person while alive to his or her child or other recognized legal heir, the value of which the person intends to be deducted from the child 's or heir' s eventual share in the estate after the giver 's death.
the use during a testator 's lifetime of money or property for the benefit of a child or other person who is a prospective beneficiary in the testator' s will
An act of advancing or moving forward.
Progress made in a field of knowledge brought about by a new revelation.
Achieving progress or growth in life.
The act of furtherance of an object other than initially conceived.
The act of developing commerce.
A formal response by the defendant to the affirmative assertions of the plaintiff in a civil case or to the charges of the prosecutor in a criminal case.
Improvement in the knowledge.
Growth or development of public justice.
Growth or development of religion.
Development or progress of religion, knowledge, commerce, health, safety or any other object beneficial to mankind.
An amount given as advance payment.
Amount of salary given before it is due.
An amount of advance granted against consignment.
An amount given as loan or before its due.
Amount of salary paid before stipulated date.
Payment made before due date.
Payment made in advance (for some work).
An advance payment not subject to replacement or refund.
A section of the institution dealing with matters relating to advance.
Rate in which advance is made available.
Amount of advance that is due for recovery.
To return the amount of advance (generally unspent)
Sending an amount of money before some deal is completed.
Amount of advance that has to be returned.
An advance payment which can be paid back.
Advance to meet revenue (expenses).
Account where entries relating to loan (Advances) are recorded.
A small part of what is intended to be supplied sent.
A typical example informed in advance.
The work schedule or plan of work which is prepared before work is actually taken up.
Programme (time schedule) drawn in advance.
Some Advance options like Visual Studio, SMB printer, BIOS Set Up option which we can install in our system.
Amounts given as loan or before its due.
A type of fixed loan facility.
Amounts given as loan or before its due to the contractors.
Amount made available to distribute as advance.
Amounts given as loan or before its due to the distributors.
A grant type of advance by Govt. to meet distress situation (generally farmer).
An advance made to a ryot by his superior tenure holder to enable him to recover the agricultural losses caused by the natural calamity.
Amount of estimated tax to be paid in advance.
Amount of advance for a short period.
Amount of advance paid to contractors in connection with performance of work / service.
Advances made by the Central Bank of the century to Govt. for temporary period to overcome mismatch in cash flow.
To bring something in front.
A favourable condition.
To take benefit of.
The act of producing a favourable impression or effect.
A benefit, gain, especially one resulting from some course of action.
Superiority of position or condition.
A situation or condition that makes somebody favourable.
Benefit gained by someone who enjoys the trust.
The benefit that can be derived from being located at a prominent place.
To make good of something or some opportunity.
Something that gives an advantage over the other.
Something that is more favourable or useful.
Something that is very much favourable to its success.
An arrival of something that is being waited for.
Something which appears to be an external part rather than an integrated one.
A root growing from a location other than the underground, descending portion of the axis of a plant, as from a stem or leaf.
An undertaking involving danger, risks and uncertainty of outcome.
An experience which is unusual and exciting.
A person who is fond of adventure.
An individual who loves and enjoys adventure related activities.
A dangerous and risky action that is being carried out.
A travelling person who is in search for adventure activities.
An outdoor activity which is exciting and unusual.
Somebody who is willing to get engaged in adventure related activities.
A daring activity or task.
A travelling person who is willing to get engaged in adventure.
Something that is related to an adverb.
Lawyer of the opponent of opposing faction.
Which is not favourable.
An undesired or unfavorable effect.
It is a situation when countrys payments exceed its receipts (For visible / invisible trade and capital account)
One who asserts a right or entitlement against another person.
The net result of the clearing transactions which is not in favour.
Discrimination or differentiation made against somebody.
An unfavourable entry.
Having an unfavourable or harmful effect on something or somebody.
Something opposite in flow or direction.
Something affecting the income of the state or public treasury in an unfavourable or harmful way.
Party representing opposite side.
Control or occupation (e g of property) by an opponent or enemy without regard to ownership.
An unfavourable comment made by someone against somebody.
Comments which are against the interest.
Report that is not favourable.
Something unfavourable or harmful to the minor.
Something unfavourable or harmful to a right or claim to the ownership of property or to a rank or throne.
Adverance variance is the difference between a budgeted, planned or standard amount and the actual amount incurred / sold.
To make known to public by inserting information in printed or electronic media.
To make known to public by inserting information in printed or electronic media.
An act of praising something in order to attract public attention.
An act of asking something to the public by way of different broadcasting methods.
To make something known to the public.
promoted or publicized for the purpose of selling
Sales effected through advertisement.
Inviting tender through advertising.
The act of advertising.
An announcement in any broadcasting channels.
An account maintained for regarding entries relating to advertisement.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of assisting in the process of advertisement.
A person in any institution entrusted with the responsibility of managing the task of advertisement.
Promotion or polarization of a transfer of legal rights or liabilities or allocation of a task.
A notice to the public.
Placing an advertisement in a newspaper
A person entrusted with the responsibility of advising on the matters pertaining to advertisement.
Words of opinion expressed.
A counsel sought or given.
A formal notice of a sale, delivery or other transaction.
suggestion offered with regard to future action.
An opinion you give to someone.
Recommendations or opinion given.
An information provided which is of great importance or help.
A formal notice of transaction.
A document from a supplier to a customer containing details of a consignment of goods sent.
An intimation of making payment.
An intimation regarding transfer (of funds)
An intimation regarding change of place of posting.
A formal notice or agreement.
A slip containing information.
When ads on the Web are not displayed as per a click - through rate, they are generally sold on a cost per thousand basis and one ad view is considered as one banner ad which displayed on one page.
A course of action which is recommended to be followed.
Something that is wise or recommended.
To inform somebody about something.
To advice somebody on a subject or course of action.
To offer somebody a suggestion or opinion.
To give somebody information which is of great importance.
Something that is studied very carefully or with due consideration.
To inform about position of something.
A person who gives advice to someone on a subject or course of action.
A person appointed as an adviser in recognition of achievement, without the usual obligations; or a person appointed as an unpaid adviser.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of advising on the matters pertaining to housing.
A person having the power to advise the owners of factories.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of advising on the matters pertaining to publishing and printing.
A person who has the power to advise on the matters related to soil conservation.
Person who provides consultation.
Giving advice (The act of giving advice).
A group of people having the power to advise on a particular subject.
A group of people constituted by the Central government to advise on the matters related to education.
Committee constituted for giving advice.
A body (may be legislative or otherwise) constituted for giving advice.
A body of persons elected or appointed by the central government with advisory powers.
Funds which can be invested by the bank at their discretion.
A group of persons selected to provide advice.
Service relating to consulting.
Providing verbal support for a purpose.
The profession of an advocate.
A person pleading on behalf of other.
A pleader.
To support something or somebody.
A professional pleader before a tribunal or court.
A person who pleads or argues for a cause.
A person who pleads in the Court of law on behalf of another.
An advocate who is secondary or subordinate to another advocate.
An advocate or lawyer who has the permit to practice law.
The chief legal officer of a nation or state.
The chief law officer of the State or Central Government.
An advocate pleading or advocating on the behalf of the Government.
The known official advocate for somebody or in a case.
A professional pleader before a tribunal or court, a practitioner of law or somebody with legal authority to act for another.
Pleading in favour of some aim or object.
A coastal plain which is located on the southern banks of river Adyar.
The major river in the city of Chennai and is rich in flora and fauna.
The rod - like aedeagal apodeme can be easily recognized and shows not much variation within Agromyzidae
Ridge - like ingrowth of the exoskeleton of an arthropod that supports internal organs and provides attachment points for muscles.
is a fruit - bearing tree indigenous to dry forests
An interdisciplinary branch of engineering, which deals with Electronics and Instrumentation technology.
Something that has happened for an incalculable period of time.
Something that supplies circulation of air.
Changed with the gas (a liquid).
Water combined with a gas, especially, air, oxygen or carbon dioxide or suitable for drinking.
Water combined with a gas, especially, air, oxygen or carbon dioxide.
Manager of the factory which produces aerated water.
exchange of carbon dioxide for oxygen by the blood in the lungs; saturating a liquid with air or gas
an airy tissue found in roots of plants, which allows exchange of gases between the shoot and the root.
existing or living or growing or operating in the air
Something that is high up into the air.
Something that is carried out by means of flying.
Determining position, course and distance travelled during a journey and hence advising on the best course to be taken, by or from a plane.
A photo taken from an aircraft.
An endless aerial cable moved by a stationary engine and used to transport goods and people.
A survey conducted by travelling in aircraft.
micro - organism that can live and grow in presence of free oxygen
micro - organism that require oxygen for growth
using oxygen
depending on free oxygen or air.
Something that requires air or oxygen.
release of energy from glucose or another organic substrate in the presence of Oxygen.
release of energy from glucose or another organic substrate in the presence of Oxygen.
A small air field.
An airfield or airport meant for leaving for somewhere or the arrival of airplanes.
About least resistance of air and the force exerted by it.
Study of other gases and motion of air.
Engine of an aircraft or aeronautic device.
A science relating to operation of the aircraft.
A communication related to aircraft or aeronautics.
a condition arose due to excessive swallowing of air
A flying vehicle with fixed wings.
A flying vehicle with fixed wings.
a system of air passages in the shell (chorion) that enables oxygen exchange.
a suspension of fine liquid or solid particles in air which gets dispersed over a wide surface on inhalation into the lungs
of a small container in which gas under pressure is used to aerate and dispense a liquid spray through a valve.
The branch of engineering which deals with the design, construction and science of aircraft and spacecraft. It includes two major and overlapping branches: aeronautical engineering and astronautical engineering.
Activities that are carried out in the air.
a blood vessel carrying blood away from the heart
One who appreciates the beauty of art or nature.
The one who admires the beauty of art or nature.
Of or dealing with the appreciation of the beautiful
Something that is pertaining to the beauty of art or nature.
Concerned with beauty or appreciation of the beauty.
aesthetic characteristics of the surroundings.
A set of principles concerned with nature and appreciation of Beauty.
Mental perception of beauty.
artistic significance or importance of some work.
the arrangement of the floral envelops while yet in the bud.
the arrangement of the floral envelops while yet in the bud.
At or to a distance.
Friendly kind or nice to talk to.
An event or sequence of events of a specified kind or that has previously been referred to.
Something that is being done.
Events or happenings.
a particular or personal concern.
a procedure, action, or occasion only vaguely specified.
A matter that is a particular persons which has to be completed.
commercial, professional or public matters.
Affairs related to religion
Matters or works related to sea.
Commercial, professional or public matters of a commercial firm.
Matters related to the customers.
Matters related to the factory.
Matters related to the family.
Matters and works of or related to management.
Matters and works of the government or the state.
Commercial, professional or public matters of a commercial undertaking.
Matters related to a single political unit formed from 2 or more separate and independent units.
Matters or works of or related to the University.
Matters of or related to an enterprise.
To have an effect.
the act of affecting
the experience of emotion expressed by the patient
Pretend to have or feel.
Making a difference on something.
Having an effect on.
having an effect on or produce an alteration in something.
An offence or violation of law having an effect on the condition of life.
Something having an effect on or produce an alteration in the human body.
to have a harmful or damaging effect on somebody.
tender and lasting attachment.
having fondness for somebody.
Readily feeling or showing fondness or tenderness.
a mental or physical disease or malady.
tender and lasting attachment or unfriendly feeling.
Affective computing refers to such a human - computer interaction wherein a device has the ability to detect and appropriately react to its user 's emotions and other motivation.
The affective domain is one of major domain of learning domains which includes factors such as student motivation, attitudes, perceptions and values. Teachers can increase their effectiveness by considering the affective domain in planning courses, delivering lectures and activities, and assessing student learning.
The area of learning related to emotions or feelings, rather than thought or knowledge.
to have an effect leading to prejudiced judgment or damage.
to consider something to have an effect on or produce an alteration in something.
to have an effect on or produce an alteration in the merits of something.
inflowing toward the centre
directed from periphery towards centre such as nerves or signals
Be engaged to marry.
A statement in writing on oath.
to file a sworn written statement in response of charges or claims made in a case by the opponents.
a sworn written statement for use as judicial proof stating the value or significance of something.
To connect.
Officially attach or connect to an organization.
Join or become attached to someone.
An affiliated person or organization.
A college which is affiliated to some other institution.
A college which is affiliated to some other institution.
University that provides affiliation to other institutions / colleges etc.
The act of affiliating.
A similarity of Characteristics suggesting a relationship.
Natural liking for another person or thing.
the attraction between an antigen and an antibody.
A natural liking for, or understanding of someone or something.
directly bordering on, or directly related by marriage.
To make a formal declaration.
to testify by affirmation.
State a particular thing Emphatically or publically.
To respect a particular decision especially taken by the Law.
Declare one 's support for, Uphold or Defend.
A solemn declaration.
act of saying something with certainty
A statement or word that seems positive.
a legally binding contract favouring or supporting a proposition, etc.
To accept or agree in a respectful or consenting form.
to assert a judgment as valid.
To stick on or add.
Be able to be fixed.
Stick attach or fasten to something else.
An addition to the base form or stem of the word.
An addition o attached thing to someone or something.
to attach a copy of a written notification warning somebody to appear in court.
To add in writing the signature.
to physically attach something to some other thing.
Cause pain or trouble to.
Of a thing which makes someone sad or disappointed.
A state of having a great deal of money.
To provide something.
To provide an opportunity.
To be in a position to do something.
Have enough money to pay for.
Have a resource such as time or money available or spare.
Reasonably priced.
to provide help.
to provide someone with the opportunity as early as possible.
to provide a basis for providing relief to somebody.
to provide for the reasonable likelihood of some event which does not amount to its being the proof.
to provide the facility of transfer.
Convert a land or a patch into a forest.
To plant trees on the land to convert it into forest.
Plant trees in spare land especially for commercial exploitation.
An official entrusted with the responsibility of afforestation by the forest department.
To bestow the right for something.
A public brawl.
loading (especially a ship) with goods for transport.
An action or remark which is offensive.
Offended the modesty or values of.
Area or place which is known as afghanistan.
A country in south and central Asia.
Was a king of ghurid dynasty.
12th century ruler of Ghori Dynasty who reigned over a territory spanning present - day Afghanistan, Pakistan and northern India.
A person who is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic of a particular thing.
Its a Spanish word for fans or beloved ones.
To a distance referring to a farm.
borne on the water or air; free of debt.
Floating in water.
Walking on feet in a preparation or a progress.
Which has been said before.
aforementioned
The order to someone to pay a previously mentioned amount as penalty to the Railway.
Before time.
Hiring a ship for transporting goods.
In a new or different way.
A continent which is second largest in the world.
People from Africa.
A hairstyle Consisting of a mass of very tight curls.
Towards the stern of a ship or tail of an aircraft.
During the period of time following.
To be in a line behind one another.
An asset acquired after an interval of time.
A decision or an conclusion which is taken in the end.
the placenta and membranes that are expelled from the uterus after childbirth
A place where the care, treatment, etc are given to people discharged from a hospital or other institution.
An organization which provides care, treatment, etc to people discharged from a hospital or other institution.
Programme made to provide care, treatment, etc to the people discharged from a hospital or other institution.
After the evaluation of something or somebody has been fully carried out.
After asking the advice or opinion of somebody, usually as doctor, lawyer, etc.
To take a decision after taking someone 's advice, or consultation.
After the stipulated date.
Calculating profit by deducting costs from total income.
Transaction which have taken place after prescribed working hours.
image that remains after cessation of the stimulus
After granting a sum as a reimbursement or for expenses.
After barring something from consideration or inclusion as stated.
Market which is next in importance of the main market.
A time between noon and the sunset.
The time period from 12 noon to 6. pm.
After showing or offering something for other people to look at or consider.
After the publication of an earlier version of a document, book, etc.
The type of service that is provided by the seller / manufacturer after sale of goods.
The period after the reign of Shah jahan.
A term relates to a bill of exchange making it payable on a fixed date on presentation and seen.
After seeing something for consideration.
After taking something into consideration.
After the completion of examination of all the facts about something, for example, a crime or accident.
After the disability has come to an end.
after the Death of a particular person or an end of a Product.
After the completion of year 2000.
At a later of future time.
At a later time.
A particular thing done After the end of the Other thing.
Afzal was a Commander of Adilshah nawabs.
Another Time, or Once more.
To do Something Repeatedly.
To bring something into existence or use once again or at some other time.
in opposition to somebody or something.
contrary to somebody or something; hostile towards somebody or something.
In opposition to.
A form of negotiate bill in which negotiator is free from all risks.
As compared to; as opposed to; in contrast to something; in relation to something;
Pledging of property etc. as security against obtaining loan etc. facility.
With reference to Legal Action, In anticipation.
Which goes against the interest of the common people at large.
In opposition to a particular kind of accused in a legal case.
Claim against a company to get something, usually money, to balance or reduce the bad effect of damage, loss, injury, etc. caused by the company.
produced without sexual union.
The asexual formation of embryos and seeds without the occurrence of fertilization.
A persons mouth Wide open in shock or surprise.
polysaccharide forming stable gel
A gelatinous material derived from certain marine algae.
Capital of Indian State Tripura.
A lake Situated not So far from Bhootnath temple and Badami caves.
An ornamental stone consisting of a Hard variety of chalcedony, Typically banded in appearance.
Length of time that a person has existed.
Length of time that a person has existed.
To grow old; to show signs of growing old.
A distinct period Of History or Present.
A state of Being old.
The age when someone can get entry.
An entry relating to age.
the age at which somebody is considered in law to be old enough to vote.
Age when a person attains right to vote.
The age at which one attains full personal rights; majority.
the fact or process of growing old.
A limit of age fixed for being eligible to something.
A business o an Organization Providing a particular service on behalf on another business or person.
A body established for some specific function.
A body established for some specific function.
A business or service authorized to act on the behalf of others.
The means or mode of acting; instrumentality.
a department or body providing a specific service for government or other Organization.
Cash book where transactions concerning agency and branches are recorded.
Professional dealings of an agency.
The amount of money that is paid to the agent (s) for rendering services.
Amount of commission paid / charged to agency.
An business or service to which business firms apply for credit information on prospective customers.
An account book maintained to record agency credit transactions.
An account book for agency transactions.
By the means or mode of steam.
A list of item to be considered at meeting.
A list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.
absence of an organ, failure to form or imperfect development of an organ
An agent that makes things white or colourless.
An agent who looks after the exchange of checks, drafts, etc and advancement of credits between banks.
An agent who charges a fee for his services based on a percentage of sale made by the employer or agent, as distinguished from regular wages.
An agent who guarantees the principal party of the solvency of the purchaser of credit, commodities, etc. in a sale.
When an agent goes beyond the authority given to him by his principal employer.
A person, agency, or enterprise engaged in collection, shipment, and delivery of goods.
A team player whose contract with a team has expired and the player is able to sign a contract with another team if the player is chosen.
Someone who is authorized to transact every kind of business for the principal.
Someone who is authorized to manage the affairs of the principal on his / her behalf.
A person who is authorized to act on the behalf of the business which transports property or people by any means of conveyance.
A person who is authorized to act on the behalf of the defendant as the in charge of his or her property.
A person who is authorized to act on the behalf of the owner or holder of a charter.
Someone who is authorized to act on the behalf of the principal on a particular matter.
A group of people who works for different people or on behalf of them.
Such rights which the agent can exercise at his discretion.
Someone who sells goods or services on commission for others.
A book in which the business transactions of an agent are posted in the form of debits and credits.
Ledger maintained for agents.
In the context of computer software, an agent is such a software program which provides a service, like collecting device or user information, alerting the user about something that needs to be done; or monitoring incoming data and giving an alert wh
The only agent for all purposes.
A special agent is one whose authority is confined to a particular, or an individual instance.
Someone who purchase and supplies goods or services on commission for others.
An agent connected with making arrangement for travelling.
A person who sells or arranges trips or tours for customers.
Being of the age at which one attains full personal rights; having reached majority.
The age at which a person, formerly a minor, is recognized by law to be an adult, capable of managing his or her own affairs and responsible for any legal obligations created by his or her action.
Age when one has to retire from work.
Age when one retires (from active service).
The mandatory maximum age to retire from a job.
A specified age for a specific purpose.
Grow old or older.
Throughout time or history.
Not arrived at adult age, and hence incapable legally of performing certain acts restricted to adults.
The process of valuing stock of goods according to period of production etc.
Collect or Form into a mass of group.
A mass or collection of a particular things or people.
An urban agglomeration is an extended city or town area comprising the built up area of a municipality and any suburbs linked by continuous urban area.
Firmly stick or to be stuck together to form a mass.
adhesion together of small particles to form visible clumps by antibodies
occurring when donor and recipient 's blood are incubated together. indicates that the donor blood is incompatible.
an antibody found in the blood that attaches to an antigen found on red blood causing them to clump together
A substance, such as an antibody, that is capable of causing agglutination of a particular antigen, especially red blood cells.
any substance that stimulates the production of agglutinin
Things which are presented in exaggerated form.
Increase the power, Status or Worth of.
To rouse to exasperation or anger.
To make anything worse or more severe.
To make a particular thing bad or worse.
Make worse or more serious.
To make a disease or infirmity worse or more severe.
To make worse an injury.
Worsening circumstances.
Things which have been made more serious.
To be Annoyed or Exasperated.
A sum total.
Combined together.
To gather into a mass, sum or whole.
a mass of materials together a cluster of similar units
A whole formed by combining several separate elements.
Total capacity.
Continuous bending line (in graphics presentation) that shows total demand.
The purpose for which aggregate (total) demand is worked out.
Total value of demand for consumer and capital goods.
All types of deposits taken together.
Sum total of items for dispatching by ship
A cluster or aggregation of many ripened ovaries (fruits)
Income from all sources collected together.
The total amount of protection against loss / damage.
Taken into account as a whole.
All types of income in terms of money taken together.
The sum total of funds.
The total liabilities arising out of operations.
Pay that combines all elements.
Accumulative punishment given for more than one crime or offence.
Sum total of all items added together.
More than one subject combined into one whole.
Total value of the total sales in money.
Merging into one of all plans relating to credit.
The sum total income.
Act of aggregating of prices of different articles.
The sum total of property.
An agreement to settle for a carrier vessel for carrying goods.
feelings of Anger or Antipathy.
something on exaggeration of a drive
Ready or likely to Attack or Confront.
Behaving or Done in a determined or forceful way.
Efforts to sell thing forcefully in the market through various strategies.
A state which engages in aggression or attack.
Person who is feeling tormented.
The depositor who is not happy and has some grievance against the bank.
Party which is feeling distressed.
someone feeling distress; someone treated unjustly, as by denial of or infringement upon one 's legal rights.
Able to Move quickly and easily.
Agile testing is a software testing practice in which principles of the agile manifesto are followed, emphasizing testing according to the perspective of customers who will use the system.
Able to think very quicky.
The percentage of discount charged as exchange of one currency from another.
The act of changing different form and type of money. The difference can be quoted as percentage between nominal and par value.
When under the process of agio value quoted is more than the par value.
When under the process of agio the value quoted is less than the par value.
Speculative transaction in foreign exchange based on uncertainties.
A term used for self restraint in the matter of applying interest.
To stir or disturb someone.
To Make someone nervous.
To raise a question.
A public demonstration is support of something.
A state of anxiety or nervous excitement.
Who participate in the agitation.
nonsugar component of a glycoside molecule that results from hydrolysis of the molecule.
A sign of quality of goods (product).
Related on of descended from the paternal side.
inability to recognise despite an intact sensory apparatus
Having a doubtful or non - committal attitude towards something.
A person who believes that nothing is known or can be known of the existence or nature of God.
Before the present or earlier.
Very curious to hear or see something.
A very painful and disturbing death.
Undergo great mental Anguish through worrying about something.
Cause mental Anguish to.
Someone who is going through mental Anguish.
Agra is a city in uttar Pradesh
A drug which is not supposed to be taken without prescription.
A forest near Agra, which is also known to be a likely orgin for its name Agra.
A railway station which is a main line for north central railways.
A distance between two cities that is Agra and Delhi
One or more number of forts in Agra.
A name given to the Brhamin quarter of heterogenous village.
loss of power of writing inspite of normal muscles of writing
Relating to agriculture land.
Pertaining to agriculture.
Statue enacted by legislative relating to agriculture land.
Statue enacted by legislative relating to agriculture land.
A plan of action formulated for agriculture land.
Measures initiated to improve the system relating to agricultural land.
To grant consent.
To grant consent; to come into or be in accord.
Have the same opinion about something.
Willing to agree to something.
Assessment arrived at by mutual consent.
Charges which have consent of the party.
Payment that represent the payment on important items which have been consented.
The period for doing something on which all the parties have agreed.
Price on which consent has already been obtained.
A common statement about the same facts by more than one party.
The place of stopping upon which all the parties have agreed.
To come to a common understanding or to terms.
To grant consent to be referred for a particular purpose.
passed or adopted by an official gathering of people.
Which has been consented based on principle.
any form in which the involved persons or parties agree upon a proposal, suggestion, etc.
An arrangement between the parties to follow a course of action.
An arrangement between the parties to follow a course of action.
The act of agreeing; harmony of opinion.
Accord between two or more parties.
A negotiated and tipically legal binding.
An agreement or pledge to pay an amount of money as a result of the outcome of an unsettled matter.
An agreement determined by an event that is unlikely to happen.
A contract in which all elements of a contract are specifically stated and terms are stated.
Agreements which provide that if a dispute should arise, it will be resolved by arbitration.
Agreements which provide that a person cannot be doubly taxed for the same income.
Agreements which provide that a person cannot be doubly taxed for the same income.
A draft of form in which agreement is to be executed.
A draft of form in which agreement is to be executed.
An agreement which is found to exist based on the circumstances when to deny a contract would be unfair and / or result in unjust enrichment to one of the parties.
An agreement that provides for the prohibition of legal proceedings in case a dispute arises.
An agreement that provides that a person cannot marry.
An agreement that provides for prohibition of trade.
Written form of an agreement.
Agreement to a criminal act amounts to a criminal conspiracy.
More than one party has entered into a contract.
An agreement in which financial responsibility is decided.
A short written statement outlining the terms of an agreement.
A agreement related to mortgage.
The contract would not be annulled.
An agreement existing or in effect between the parties.
A contract to do an act which is impossible.
An agreement between an owner and a renter to rent a property for a certain period of time during which the renter can apply his / her rental payments towards the purchase of the property.
A contract between two people to live separately who are expected to live together legally.
A contract among owners of a business which provides terms for their purchase of a withdrawing partner 's or stakeholder' s interest in the enterprise.
Contracts, the meaning of which is not certain, or capable of being made certain.
A void agreement unless it is in writing or registered or is promise to compensate for something or is a promise to pay a debt barred by limitation law
To agree to pay or promise to pay a sum of money as contribution to an enterprise.
To come to a common understanding on the same thing in the same meaning.
To agree about a particular thing which the other person has been saying.
A variant form of agro.
Related to agriculture.
Activities related to agriculture.
Direct agricultural activities and such activities which are incidental to agriculture or allied to it like animal husbandry.
Devices / tools used for agricultural purposes / operations.
Bank which mainly or exclusively undertakes financing of agriculture or related activities.
loans, notes, bills of exchange, and bankers' acceptances which finance agricultural activities.
An adviser or consultant entitled with the responsibility of giving advice on matters related to agricultural credit.
A registered organization whose activities are related to agricultural credit.
A fund in which the agricultural credit corporation will deposit its reserve fund for credit.
Period when there are not much activity in the agriculture sector and demand is diminished.
An amount given to an agriculturist for agricultural development.
A bank which gives loans, bills of exchanges and other financial devices for agricultural activities.
The science dealing with agriculture production, consumption, marketing, financing etc aspects of the subject.
A system of management, development and deployment of resource in agriculture sector.
Application of scientific principles in the agricultural sector.
Services organised to educate and persuade agriculturists to know and adopt the new agricultural practices.
The size of agricultural land holding per family.
A house constructed in a farm of agriculture.
Loans and advances which are made available for agricultural and allied activities.
A numbered piece of land where agriculture is raised.
Instruments used in agricultural activities.
Advancement in the field of agriculture.
Income derived from agricultural operation.
Exemption from the payment of agricultural debt.
Material that is used for raising crops.
Those materials which are used for raising crops.
Labour engaged in agricultural operation.
Labours who earn their livelihood from agriculture related work.
Land used for agricultural operations (raising crops etc.).
Marketing arrangements for agricultural produce.
The consultant appointed by the Government of India for advising and consultation on the issues related to the sale and purchase of agricultural commodities.
A registered organization whose activities are related to the sale and purchase of agricultural commodities.
A process or series of act involved in agricultural work.
Item of work relating to agriculture like filling of land, sowing, harvesting, weeding etc.
Amount of commodities produced through agricultural operations.
Amount of commodities produced through agricultural operations.
The act of making systematic plan for agricultural.
A registered organization whose activities are related to the processing of agricultural commodities.
Products of cultivation.
Items of agricultural produce / products / yields etc.
An aim or goal related to agricultural activities.
The former apex body in India which provided funds for agricultural investment and rural development, later replaced by NABARD.
An institution that was created to take care of refinance of agricultural finance for agricultural purposes.
The amount of rent that is paid for using land for agricultural purposes.
Items which are essentially required for undertaking agricultural operations.
Paid agricultural work by a person for an employer.
A fund initially created by RBI (now managed by NABARD) to provide relief in case of drought / natural calamities etc.
Important information regarding agriculture (including figures etc.)
Practice of cultivating soil, raising of crops and rearing animals.
Occupation which carries out agri mostly.
Services related to the activities of agriculture and sectors related to it such as husbandry, irrigation, pesticides, insecticides, etc.
The department of government which looks after the issues related to agriculture.
Owned or rented land for the purpose of cultivation.
A government official entitled with the responsibility of looking after the agricultural issues.
Someone concerned with the science, art or business of cultivating soil.
Industries which directly depend on agriculture (e. g. cotton clothes, jute etc.)
Area which because of its climatic conditions suit for certain type of agriculture produce.
A geographical division made on the basis of its climatic and agricultural characteristics.
Areas divided according to climate conditions for growing different crops.
Certain specialities that reflect a co - relation between agriculture and economic activity.
A model for the functionings of an agricultural system with all its inputs and outputs.
Forest which are raised for obtaining forest produce.
Industries related to the agricultural sector.
Such industries which are based on agricultural produce / products.
Industry which is largely based on agricultural products.
An expert in soil management and crop production.
The science relating to soil management and crop production.
A pesticide used for agricultur purpose.
A scientist in Agro - grass.
On or on to the bottom of shallow water (in refrence to a ship).
Also known as Fort Aguada, is a well preserved 17th century fort standing in Goa, India.
a chill
A tributary developed from Berach ri culture. It flows through Udaipur.
Earlier than something or someone.
Further Forwad in time.
Doing something in advance.
A city in Gujrat state, India.
A temple at Maheshwar near Indore, India.
She was a Holkar dynasty Queen of the Malwa kingdom, India.
The Ahir are a caste of cowherds, milkers, and cattle breeders widely dispersed across the Gangetic Plain, especially in the more easternly part of India.
The people of Ahir Caste.
A beach located on the coastline of the state of Gujrat, India
He is the founder of durrani dynasty which is also the origin of Afghanistan.
A name of person, of Arabic origin, which means highly praised or one who constanly keeps on thanking god.
A city in the state of Gujrat.
A highway crossing Ahemadabad
A city of Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra, India.
A district of Latur, India.
A town situated on the coastline of the state of Gujrat, India.
The descedants of ethnic thai people who accompanied the thai prince Sukhaphaa.
Apartment hotel chains spread all over India.
The statutory body and a National - level council for technical education, under Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development. It was established in November, 1945 first as an advisory body and later on in 1987 given statutory status by an Act of Parliament.
Financial help.
Financial / material help in form of subsidy etc.
To provide help or assistance.
To give an amount as a help or assistance.
help or assistance to a person
Help, typically of a practical nature.
A source of help or assistance.
To assist and give advice.
Which has been granted aid.
An officer in the armed forces acting as a personal assistant to a senior officer.
Such an institution which is getting financial assistance for its activities.
The schools which receive monetary and non - monetary aid from any source.
an emergency assistance given to the injured or diseased before arrival of a physician
To give an amount as a help or assistance.
sound amplifying instrument used by persons with impaired hearing
Helping in getting away especially from confinement or restraint.
Assistance which has been promised and being received soon.
Helping tools and apparatus for the performance of a given task.
The amount of assistance that has been received.
measures undertaken to provide aid.
A national level competitive examination for admission to various under - graduate engineering and architecture courses, organized by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).
It is an audio file format standard used for storing sound data for personal computers and other electronic audio devices.
A temple complex in Baglkot district of Karnataka state of India.
A consortium of more than 60 American colleges and universities dedicated to promote Indian Studies abroad. The Institute was established in 1961 led by W. Norman Brown, Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Pennsylvania, who brought a long - held dream to reality with the creation of a non - governmental academic consortium to facilitate research on India.
Trouble or afflict in mind or body.
A native european word for garlic.
Poor health.
A bodily disorder of chronic disease.
An illness typically a minor one.
Target; objective.
Having the intention of achieving something.
A trial to achieve a desired outcome.
To have an ambition.
An instrument for measuring angles in azimuth and elevation with regard to artillery firing and general topographic work; equipped with fine and coarse azimuth micrometers and a magnetic needle.
The area covered or bounded on the display surface of a display device by an aiming symbol.
On a display surface such as a screen a pattern of light used to guide the positioning of a light pen or to indicate the area in the display space of a display device within which the area of the light pen can be detected at any given instant.
Without purpose or direction.
To keep an intention to direct an attention to somebody.
linear groove at the root of toe with swelling of distal part as if tied by a ligature and severe pain
Person who advises on the matters related to aircrafts.
An aircraft carrier service used for transportation of injured or ailing persons.
SPRAY PENETRATION AND AIR JET VELOCITY DISTRIBUTION INSIDE DENSE NURSERY
An air field.
An attack by armed aircraft on a surface target.
an agent suspended in and spread by air
A system of particular interest for processing data from airborne aircraft channels and for telemetry.
Trading in goods which are transported by aircraft.
Trade which is being conducted through aeroplanes.
Goods carried on aircraft.
Aircrafts used to carry persons or goods.
A large intercellular space in which air is sotred in some water - plants.
Air in the cell of bones
An officer holding the second highest rank in the Air Force.
An officer in the air force ranking below air vice - marshal.
A system to maintain Ventelation and humidity of a particular place like a room or vehicle.
The system of controlling the temperature in a buliding, room or vehicle.
A lodging or housing equipped with an apparatus for cleaning air and controlling its humidity and temperature.
A sleeper coach in a train which is air conditioned.
A person who repairs air conditioners.
Process of cooling where air is kept to the specific temperature.
A system to keep the atmosphere cool in warm conditions.
arrangement to bring temperature of a closed space according to one 's desire
A person entitled with the responsibility of looking after the working of airconditioning apparatus in a place.
A memo related to a consignment of goods transported by aircraft.
A person who controls air traffic.
A person who repairs air coolers.
A person who coordinates the air traffic.
A company related with the production, operation or maintenance of aircrafts.
A machine capable of flying - (Aeroplane, helicopter etc.).
An aeroplane, helicopter or other machine capable of flight.
A person who examines the condition and working of aircrafts.
The paper which shows the quantity or amount of things to be carried by an aircraft.
The document which records the full account of a flight by an aircraft.
A person holding the lowest rank in the air force; a person working in the air force.
Material related to the construction of operation of an aircraft.
on, onto or within an aircraft.
The aircraft which is going to carry or transport goods or persons from one place to another.
A group of people manning the aircraft.
A group of people manning the aircraft.
An officer in the air force ranking below air defence captain and who is in command of the air defence.
The force for air defence withheld from action for later use.
An aircraft used to send communications, etc.
An area of land used for landing, take off and maintenance of aircrafts.
The person who looks after the safety of the area maintained for the landing and take - off of air - crafts.
Air wing of the armed forces.
detention by the air force.
The system of rules governing conduct in the air force.
The place or area to which an air force is assigned.
An arrangement of the air force in a prescribed manner or for a particular purpose.
The air force active in a war.
The activities of the air force.
The prison under the control of the air force.
Something offered for some service, effort of achievement in the air force.
The manner in which the personnel of the air force are used.
The aerodynamic shape or construct of an aircraft.
The airman who operates the gun in an war plane.
An attendant to look after services in air craft.
abnormally low blood O2 level causing deep, rapid respiratory drive.
In the air.
The government air corporation of India which is responsible for flights to other countries.
A state owned flag carrier, airline of India.
infection caused due to pathogens present in the free air
Air interface refers to that technology which determines the frequency, channel bandwidth and modulation scheme for wireless communication.
Journey undertaken in an aircraft.
A Srilankan airline.
A number of organizations providing air transport service to public.
Company that operates Air Services (Passenger or Cargo).
The postal system using mail transported by aircraft.
Letter etc. sent by aircraft.
The person who is entitled with the responsibility to look after the working of airmail.
Arrangements of or sending letters / packets etc. by aeroplane.
A person working in the air force.
An officer in the air force ranking below the Air Chief Marshal.
A medium where configuration option panel opens a whole sub set programme for configuring cache size, setting fonts and link colours, telling the programme to our email address, network News server, and more.
The science of operating or directing the course of an aircraft.
The service which operates or directs the course of aircrafts.
An enterprise which operates or directs the course of aircrafts.
An officer in the air force.
An air force officer in command of a force.
An air officer entitled with the task of supervising or controlling.
An air officer entitled with the task of performing a special or particular task.
Charge exacted for the use of the a path followed by the aircrafts.
A complex of runways and other facilities for landing, take off and maintenance of civil aircrafts.
A complex of runways and buildings for the take - off of civil aircraft.
A form required to be filled by passengers at the airport.
A number of different airpot which provides aircraft for civilians and other services.
A way taken by aircraft to travel.
Parasitic organisms living in air - sac.
A device that consists of a central hub with radiating blades and is used to propel an aeroplane.
An organization which provides the service of regular air transport.
The regular flight from one place to another.
The services given by a particular airline.
a gas - filled lighter than air self propelled aircraft that has a steering system.
A sign made to warn or command the actions of aircrafts.
air containing cavity in bone.
The space lying above the earth or a certain area of land or water, especially the space lying above a nation and coming under its jurisdiction.
The space lying above a country and falling under its jurisdiction.
The group of personnel manning an aircraft.
A strip of land used by aircraft for land and take off.
A number of strips Set for landing of aircrafts.
boxes which are impermeable to air.
Movement of aircrafts.
The conveying of goods or people from one place to another by aircrafts.
A company dealing in the conveyance of goods or people from one place to another by air.
A government body with administrative, legislative or advisory powers which looks after air transport.
An officer in the air transport responsible for communication between parts of the air transport.
An organization which provides the service of regular air transport.
The trachea, or a bronchus or any of its branches conveying air.
An officer in the air force ranking below air Marshall.
A designated route along which aircrafts fly.
the route by which air comes in and out of the lungs
An account of the charges due for the use of air way.
The passage by which ai reaches persons lungs.
The quality of an aircraft fit for operation in the air.
An aircraft which is fit to fly.
A room which is well ventilated.
Passages between rows of seats in building such as churchs or theatres.
Capital of Mizoram state, India.
An oasis wrapped in green hills in the southwest of Jaipur.
A chauhan ruler who founded Ajmer in 11th century.
Founder of Ajmer city.
World 's greatest historical monument recognised by UNESCO far near from Jalgaon city of Maharashtra.
A tour organised to see Ajanta caves.
A repository of ancient Indian Architecture.
Slightly or half open.
The first name of the founder of Ajmer.
A district of Rajhasthan state.
A city in Ajmer district of Rajhasthan state of India.
One of the gates in Delhi named after the great Ajmer sharif.
A railway station in Ajmer city.
Tomb of the sufi saint Khwaja Muiniddin Chisti.
One of the most sacred Muslim shrines in India.
An international wakf, managed under the 'Dargah Khwaja Saheb Act, 1955'.
The muslims of Ajmer district.
A collection of Sikh political parties mainly based in Punjab.
The seat or Throne of the timeless one, God.
Mughal emperor of India 1556 - 1605.
A second name to the people who might be related to Akbar 's regin, or Akbar' s family.
A particular family or a place belonging to Akbar.
An arena Mainly found for wrestling.
1 or more Akhara.
A particular thing or a person of similar character.
loss of movement
A city in state of Maharashtra, India.
A hindu temple complex in Delhi, India.
A sacred Fig tree in Hindu mythology.
A Hindu and Jain holy day.
Arabic prefix 'THE'
a wing of an insect
A river in the U. S state of Albama.
A translucent form of gypsum or calcite, typically white, often carved into ornaments.
One of the gate in the Qutub minar.
One of the bulidings in the great Qutub minar, which was made for Alaudin khilji.
A holy river of hinduism in Uttarkhand, India.
An Himalyan river in the Northern India.
A river in the state of Uttarkhand, India.
The Ruler of Mughal empire, Aurangzeb.
A succesor of mughal empire in (787813).
A town of district Alapuzzha districts, also known as Allepey In kerala, South India.
A beach in the Allepey district in Kerala, India.
a plant growth regulator, a chemical sprayed on fruit to regulate their growth
Warning signal.
To frighten.
a signal that warns or alerts; a device that alerts or rouses.
A warning of danger.
An anxious awareness of danger.
A warning.
Worrying or disturbing.
Fitted equipments which give signal for alarm.
An exclamation to express sorrow.
of seeds or insects, having wing - like extensions.
The second ruler of Turko - Afghan Khilji dynasty in India.
a wing of an insect
Bone or Milk or Snow like colour.
A very lige chiefly white oceanic bird with long narrow wings, found mainly in the southern oceans.
Though, Inspite of.
A first name.
A concert hall situated in the south Keningstan in London, England.
A museum in Jaipur, India.
loss of pigmentation over the body partially or fully by birth.
a condition where there is marked deficiency in pigmentation of skin, hair or only eyes of an individual.
with congenital albinism: white hair and milky skin; eyes are usually pink.
the white tendinous line attaching the two rectus muscle in anterior abdominal wall.
white layer of fibrous tissue surrounding an organ
A blank book for insertion of photographs, stamps or pictures.
An intravascular protein made by the liver, and commonly found in the blood.
It is the ratio of albumin and globulin in the serum (5: 0)
a condition in which there is excessive amount of protien (albumin) seen in urine
A liquid containing intoxicating elements.
any series of hydroxl group of compounds
A colourless, flammable, volatile liquid. Generally constituent of wine, beer, spirits, and other drinks.
a person who habitually drinks alcohol in excess
Suffering from alcoholism
A person addicted of alcohol.
In effect of alcohol.
A drink containing alcoholic contents.
a result of constant steady drinking, particularly in those who drink beer rather than spirit.
non specific functional disturbance in peripheral nervous system due to excessive consumption of alcohol.
a condition where multiple nerves are diseased due to alcohol consumption.
a condition where an excessive intake of alcohol causes an impairment in social and occupational behavior.
a decree / law that prevents manufacture and sale of alcohol.
Secluded place, Any natural recess
A recessed portion of a room, or a small room opening into a larger one
a dark - colored insect having predaceous aquatic larvae
A member of city council.
A widely distributed tree of the birch family which has toothed leaves
One of the first desktop publishing programs, introduced in 1985 by Aldus Corporation, initially for the then new Apple Macintosh and in 1987 for PCs running the then new Windows 1. 0.
Any beer other than lager, stout or porter
A state of being watchful for possible danger
Sense of being watchful.
A flowering tree in the spurge family.
A specialized dry vacuole where storage proteins accumulate in a stable form in seeds.
a semi autonomous organelle (plastid) within a plant cell that stores protein.
Son of Philip II; known as Alexander the Great.
A city in Ezypt.
it was the largest and most significant great library of the ancient world.
inability to read
King of Wessex (87199); known as Alfred the Great.
In the open air
A polyphyletic and paraphyletic group of organisms.
The algebraic eigenvalue problem refers to finding a set of characteristic values associated with a matrix or matrices.
A theory in algebra which is relatively independent of particularities and revealing of features independent of the notation.
The conventional method of writing algebraic expressions and formulas.
The key to solving simple algebraic equations containing a single unknown (e. g. x + 6 = 10) is to realize that the equation is an equality.
A programming language used in the solution. It consists of a language compiler and a stable of integrated high - performance solvers.
It is a declarative database query and manipulation language for the Entity - relationship model (ERM).
AN algebraic construction of sequence generators.
A rule of algebra that is used to determine whether a resull is positive or negative when numbers undergo arithmatic operation such as subtracting, dividing, raising a power and squire rooting.
Related to or involving algebra
increased sensitivity to pain
instrument used to measure pain sensitivity
It is a family of imperative computer programming languages originally developed in the mid 1950s which greatly influenced many other languages and became the de facto way algorithms were described in textbooks and academic works for almost the next 30 years.
A significant feature which include expression - based syntax, user - declared types & structures / tagged - unions, a reference model of variables & reference parameters.
The first second - generation programming language with a typical characteristics of the entire generation. First consider the data structures, which are very close to first generation structures.
a systematic way to solving a problem like making a diagnosis
An associative techniques for language definition and processing. It includes Associative grammars, parsing, context - free, Earley algorithm, compact syntax etc.
A Classification by purpose. Each algorithm has a goal, for example, the purpose of the Quick Sort algorithm is to sort data in ascending or descending order.
It is the study of how long a program will take to run, depending on the size of its input & long of loops made inside the code.
A theory which states that any function which has an algorithm is computable.
It is an important part of a broader computational complexity theory, which provides theoretical estimates for the resources needed by any algorithm which solves a given computational problem.
An approach to pluralize both extensible and adjustable, so that its output may be easily expanded or trimmed.
It is a necessary part of object - oriented analysis and design, but object - oriented systems start with and emphasize decomposition into classes.
An algorithm language is for writing algorithms, just as a programming language is for writing programs.
A parameter to control the accuracy of the line search routine.
Algorithms in computer graphics refers to the method of producing visual images or pictorial communication between humans and computers, wherein computer input and output have the form of charts, drawings, or adaquate pictorial representation.
A theory wherein to include files in the file list, we have to go to an algorithm 's properties (right - click the button) and put checkmarks next to each file.
The Lawful.
Name of a person
The honour of being called upon to read from the Torah
The National Popular Alliance or ANAPO (Alianza Nacional Popular) was a political party in Colombia.
A false or assumed name.
A false or assumed identity
In signal processing and related disciplines, aliasing refers to an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable.
An Alias name looks like an email address but it is a name defined within a host to represent a logon name within another network.
A coastal town in Raigad district of Maharashtra in India.
Beach in the alibag city
The plea of having been elsewhere when a crime was committed.
Coming from a foreign country.
Belonging to a foreign country
Which can be transferred in other 's name.
Being someone from another family, race or nation, or foreign born resident who has not been naturalized.
To convey or transfer property or a right to another, usually by a specific act; To make hostile or indifferent, especially in cases where attachment formerly existed.
Act of separating from a group.
Make someone feel isolated or estranged.
make (someone) feel isolated or estranged:
Law transfer ownership of (property rights) to another person or group:
To convey the ownership of land to another person, usually by a specific act.
The act of alienation.
The restriction on conveyance of property or a right to another.
The government office looking after the activities related to the conveyance or transfer of property from one person to another person.
A conveyance of property to another person.
A conveyance of shares to another person.
From a source extrinsic to the matter, document, or instrument under consideration.
An enemy who belongs to another family, race or nation.
A friend who belongs to another family, race or nation.
A species living outside its native distributional range.
City in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh in India
A fort in Aligarh
Descend from a train, bus or other form of transport
Place or arrange in straight line
Give support to person, organization or a cause.
To form an alliance.
The act of bringing something into proper position or state of adjustment; the act of placing something in a straight line.
the act of arranging a material uniformly in specific way with respect to each other.
Arrangement in a straight line or in correct relative position
Similar to each other.
In same or similar way.
Used to show that something applies equally to a number of specified subjects:
a muscular tube lined by mucous membrane extending from mouth to anus and aids in digestion and elimination
System of organs within multicellular organisms that takes in food, digests it to extract energy and nutrients.
edible salt which provides nutrition.
the parts which work together for the common purpose of digestion and excretion
Means of living or maintenance; allowance given for sustenance of livelihood.
The plate to which the wings are attached on the notum of an insect.
forming an exact proper divisor.
Having life; living.
Living, not dead
ALIWEB (Archie Like Indexing for the WEB) is considered the first Web search engine, as its predecessors were either built with different purposes or were literally just indexers.
A matrilineal system of property inheritance practised by many communities in coastal Karnataka and Kerala.
increase in alkaline content of blood i. e increased in pH
water soluble compound which reacts with acid to form salt and water, a stong caustic base that turns a litmus paper blue.
substances having properties of an alkali, having pH greater than 7.
a substance or agent causing alkalisation.
Any of various organic compounds normally with basic chemical properties and usually containing at least one nitrogen atom.
a condition which develops due to abnormaly high alkaline in the body
A substance that introduces an alkyl radical into a chemical compound in place of a hydrogen atom.
Used to refer to the whole quantity or extent of a particular group or thing
Everywhere
A city in Uttar Pradesh, India
A famous tourist attraction in Uttar Pradesh.
A famous university in Uttar Pradesh.
All the time
Using every means.
Suddenly
Diminish or put at rest.
Relieve or diminish
All the classes, castes, creeds within the ambit of Hindu population.
A signal that indicates that the danger is over.
Rate quoted for all articles of trade.
As soon as possible.
As soon as possible.
As fast as possible.
Lasting or available throughout the day
For the whole day
The process of investigating all facts, conditions, rules, laws, regulations, financial considerations or any other such matters as would affect one 's decision, usually to purchase a property.
The process of investigating all facts, conditions, rules, laws, regulations, financial considerations or any other such matters as would affect one 's decision, usually to purchase a property.
An act of blaming.
Accusation made without proof.
A statement of claimed fact contained in a complaint, a criminal charge or an affirmative defense.
Assertion of bad or unlawful behaviour by someone that must be proved or supported with evidence.
to made an allegation formally with an oath or pledge, especially before giving evidence.
To assert without or before proof.
To accuse someone without proof.
To blame or allege.
The allegation of bankruptcy without or before proof.
Inequality for which accusation is being made.
A blame levied for misappropriation of land.
Accusation of inability to meet an obligation.
Used to convey that something is claimed to be the case or have taken place, although there is no proof
A person who has been accused of committing a legal offence.
A claim or title which has to be proved.
A quality of being loyal.
Loyalty towards something.
Loyalty or commitment to a superior, group or cause.
To admit or accept one 's loyalty or obligation towards something.
To be genuinely obliged or loyal towards something.
Containing allegory.
an alternative form of a gene (one member of a pair) that is located at a specific position on a specific chromosome.
One member of a pair or series of genes that occupy a specific position on a specific chromosome.
Pertaining to a semiochemical that acts as an interspecific agent
one of a pair of alternative contrasting inheritable characteristics; gene carrying that characteristic.
one of a pair of alternative contrasting inheritable characteristics; gene carrying that characteristic.
The release of chemicals by certain plants that will prevent the growing of other plants nearby.
Chilean statesman and President from 1970 - 1973.
A town in Kerala in southern India.
A substance that is foreign to the body and can cause an allergic reaction in certain people.
A damaging immune response by the body to a substance.
a reaction of hypersensitivity to a substance
Body reaction to an outside substance, which is not harmful to it.
a disorder of the immune system often also referred to as atopy.
a pair of related synthetic compounds used in insecticides.
Make something less severe.
make less a suffering or a problem
To decrease suffering or pain.
A narrow street or passageway between or behind city buildings.
A narrow passageway between or behind 2 buildings.
Narrow passageways between or behind 2 buildings.
A close association of nations or other groups formed to advance common interests or causes.
A relationship based on similarity of interests, nature and qualities.
full - service airline based in New Delhi
Which are related.
Joined by
Joint or united activities.
Related or associated fibres.
Related or associated subjects.
Closely associated organizations working for the advance of a common goal or interests.
Related or associated services.
Related or associated subjects.
Related or associated trade or occupation.
An alliance of nations or people joining together for a common cause.
A state formally co - operating with another for military or other purposes.
A large reptile similar to a crocodile.
Cost that includes all expenditure.
The rate which includes measurement of all factors.
This is a quotation expressing the absolute value with the upper limit.
A government body which looks after the various aspects of technical education in India.
A national level competitive examination for admission to various under - graduate engineering and architecture courses, organized by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).
A post - graduate public health research institute in Kolkata, established in 1932.
Apex institute in India for post graduate medical research.
All India Radio is the governmental radio broadcaster of India and one of the largest radio networks of the world.
A rank secured by a student / candidate in any all india competitive examinations merit - list.
A cadre of service created for the entire country (India).
Cadre of services meant for the entire country (India).
Rules for compensatory allowances to be made to the All India Services officers.
Rules for conditions of services for All India Services officers.
Rules for benefits to be given to the All India Services officers in case of death or retirement.
Rules for the maintenance of discipline and appeal by the officers in the All India Services.
Rules for the conditions of grant of leave to the personnel in the All India Services.
Rules for medical attendance of personnel in the All India Services.
Rules for the matters related to provident fund of the employees of All India Services.
Rules for grant of leave to the employees of All India Services due to special disability.
Rules for grant of leave to the employees of All India Services for study purposes.
Rules for grant of travelling allowance to the employees of All India Services.
A government organization for the survey of soil and land use.
A research institute for providing rehabilitation services to persons in all categories of locomotor and associated disabilities.
Taken from different individuals of the same species.
Use of the same consonant at the beginning of each stressed syllable in a line of verse.
Related or marked by alliteration.
a term used without qualifiers in onion group.
a species in the onion family Alliaceae.
All administrative units of local government.
Something which is regular or perpetual.
The significant conditions affecting the merits of a case, action, etc.
Income that can be allocated.
The surplus which is capable of being allocated.
To distribute resources or duties for a particular purpose. Allocate - on - flush is a computer file system feature which is implemented in the HFS +, XFS, Reiser4, ZFS, Btrfs and ext4 file systems.
Distribute
Distribute for a particular purpose
To distribute and spend or pay out.
Something which has been distributed.
The decision to allocate something.
Assigning a share out of the total.
Act of allocating.
an amount of resource assigned to a particular recipient
To distribute the right to accommodate one 's boat, ship, etc.
Deciding amount of occupational duties.
Deciding amount of expenditure.
Distribution of seats.
A module for allocation as we see that some systems require manual allocation of file space by using the ALLOCATION field of a create comtrol card.
Allocation structure Allocates the costs incurred on a sender by cost element or cost element group. The allocation structure is used for settlement and for assessment.
Everybody
fertilization by the union of male and female gametes from different individual of the same species
phenomenon whereby parts of the same organism grow at different rates.
Study of the relationship between size and shape.
A semiochemical that is produced by one organism to induce a response in an organism of another species.
A slip indication details of endorsement.
In a manner conformable to allopathy
A treatment of disease by conventional means
Not living in the same territory; geographically isolated and thus unable to crossbreed.
Not living in the same territory; geographically isolated and thus unable to crossbreed.
The interbreeding of two previously isolated populations in a zone of contact has been designated.
is the phenomenon whereby biological populations are physically isolated by an extrinsic barrier
species which occupy areas separated by space (geographic isolation) or time, are reproductively isolated.
An allopolyploid organism.
A polyploid formed from the union of genetically distinct chromosome sets.
Related to any of the matters listed below.
in muscle and nerve stimulation of a fibre triggers an action potential, which travels the entire fibre or does not to travel at all.
a sex chromosome that differs from an ordinary autosome in form, size, or behavior.
A change in the behavior of one part of a molecule caused by a change in another part of the molecule.
To assign as a portion; allocate.
give to someone
an organism that contains four complete copies of the genome, but two (and on rare occasions, one) of the copies are from a different species than the other two copies.
Matters except the aforesaid matters related to something or somebody.
Process of giving a share of something to someone.
A book containing details of allotment.
Letter where information on allotment is indicated.
Letter where information on allotment is indicated.
Amount of money to be deposited on allotment.
Process of making allocation of funds.
An official confirmation of allotment.
A statement of details about allotment.
A sheet prepared for details of allotment.
The sheet which contains the details of allotment.
The person who supervises the process of allotment.
A person to whom allotment has been made.
animal or plant specimen that shows physical characteristics, usually sexual ones, not shown in the holotype
any of several allelic variants of a protein that are characterized by antigenic differences.
Using all one 's strengths and resources to achieve something.
Everywhere
To begin something from scratch.
All the countries of the world.
Across the globe.
In all the countires of the world.
To permit.
To grant permission.
To admit or to concede.
let someone have or do something
give something to someone
declare or decide that (an event or activity) is legal or acceptable
Accepting earnest request made.
Money provided for a stated purpose.
Discount in price.
To consider something when making decision.
the amount of something that is permitted, especially within a set of regulations or for a specified purpose
Amount of allowance that can be accepted.
Allowance given for education of children.
An additional allowance given to bear the high cost of living prevailing in a city.
An additional allowance given to meet the expenditure on clothes.
An allowance granted for certain type of clothing / uniform.
Allowances given by the government as social security to persons with some medical condition.
An additional allowance given to bear the cost of a condition for which the beneficiary is not responsible.
An allowance given to bear the expenses of conveyance or transportation.
An allowance given to bear the daily expenses.
An allowance given to bear the cost of inflation.
Allowance given for a loss due to the depreciation in the value of something.
Allowance to a person appointed to complete specific jobs of others.
Allowance given to bear the cost of food.
Allowance given for the performance of the particular duty.
Allowance given to bear the cost of entertaining someone.
An allowance paid for doing extra work.
Allowance given for the performance of duties other than fixed by rule.
Allowance given for working for extra hours.
Allowance given to bear the cost of livelihood of the family.
Allowance for a loss due to depreciation is admissible.
Allowance given to bear the cost of staying somewhere as a part of performance of a duty.
Allowance is to be given.
Amount paid for performing duty in hilly areas.
Allowance given to bear the cost of staying in hill areas as a part of performance of a duty.
Allowance given to bear the cost of maintenance of a horse for the purpose of conveyance.
Allowance given to bear the cost of maintenance of a household.
Allowance given to bear the cost of house rent.
Allowance for a loss due to the volatility of goods.
To give an amount at regular intervals for a specific purpose.
Allowances given to meet the expenses of marriage.
Allowances given to cover the cost of means of transport, usually given per mile.
As allowance paid for maintaining a car.
Allowance given to bear the cost of maintenance of a motor car.
Allowance given to bear the cost of losses incurred due to cessation of practice.
Allowance given to bear the cost of maintenance of an office.
Allowance given for performing a special duty as an officer.
Allowance for a loss due to depreciation or decline in value of something.
An additional allowance given to meet the expenditure of outfit..
Allowance given to bear the cost of staying outstation as a part of performance of duty.
Allowance given to bear the cost of staying overseas as a part of performance of duty.
Allowance given for working overtime.
Allowance given to bear the cost of travelling regularly as a part of performance of duty.
Allowance given to bear the cost completing a project.
Allowance given to bear the cost of operation of something or some process as a part of performance of a duty.
Allowances which could be permitted according to law.
Allowance that can be paid to bear the cost of livelihood.
Allowance given to bear the cost of study as a part of performance of duty.
Allowance given to bear the cost of hospitality.
Allowance given for travelling.
Allowance given to bear the cost of travelling as a part of performance of duty.
Allowance for special type of clothing.
An additional allowance given to meet the expenditure of uniform.
Allowance given to bear the cost of living in cold areas as a part of performance of duty.
Permitted by a law that is in force at the said time.
Total time in which a job should be completed at standard performance, inclusive of allowances for fatigue, rest, personal needs, and contingencies; also called Standard Time.
Permitted to go through.
To make a possibility or provide opportunity for.
To permit to be attainable or to cause to remain.
take (something) into consideration when making plans or calculations:
To permit to be entered in accounts.
Permitting to maintain the basis rate.
tie or fasten into a knot
To permit an objection to be made.
To permit someone to work.
A metal made by combining two or more metallic elements, especially to give greater strength or resistance to corrosion.
something that added lowers the value or purity
a metal made by combining two or more metallic elements
Variant forms of an enzyme that are coded for by different alleles at the same locus
All persons having interest in something in a particular way.
All the prescribed actions have been carried out in the prescribed manner.
As soon as possible.
of a satisfactory or acceptable quality.
Safe and Sound
Signal that indicates that now there is no obstructions.
For protecting copyrights this is a warning insertion on all creations (Books etc.).
The state of advancement that covers all aspects.
Cost that includes everything.
A railway coach fully made of steel.
used to emphasize the amount or degree to which something is affected:
In spite of
constantly or without respite
a period of seven days
constantly all the year
perennially
all the time
Which is at the peak during the given period of time.
Suggest or call attention to something indirectly, hint at
The quality of being powerfully and mysteriously attractive
Powerfully attract, charm
power to attract or to charm
To be highly or subtly attractive
Giving indirect references
Pertaining to clay or slit, which is carried by rush streams.
The formation of new land by deposition of sediment by the sea or a river.
Workers belonging to all sectors.
A person or organization that co - operates or help another
combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit
a period of 365 days
throughout the year
A cupboard used for storing articles.
Oval edible nut - like seed
Town in Uttarakhand in the hills of Himalayas
A district in the state of Uttrakhand, India
not quite, nearly
money or goods given to poor people
belongs to the family Liliacae and is mainly cultivated for its thick fleshy leaves.
up in, into the air, overhead
no one else present, on one 's own
in company of others.
close to the side of; next to; at the same time as or in coexistence with.
close to the side, next to
together, in cooperation with
in company with, at the same time as
loos of hair, especially from head
Audibly, not silently or in whisper
first letter in greek alphabet.
the first letter of Greek alphabet transliterated as' a '
A set of letters or symbols in a order
A table of contents arranged in order of alphabets.
arranged in the order of the letters.
Order of the letters of a language.
Order of the letters of a language.
A slip prepared according to alphabetical order.
In order of the letters of a language.
Alpha compositing is a technique of combining an image with a background to create the appearance of partial transparency in computer graphics.
A mistake that a person who is just learning commits.
A type of mango.
the science of finding, describing and categorising organisms
European mountain range
before or by now
of a satisfactory or acceptable quality
in a satisfactory manner, fairly well
in addition to
amongst other
following in time, or order
a building, institution having historical, scientistific, artistic things
in addition, besides, too
the table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services
AltaVista is a web search engine owned by Yahoo!.
A feature which is used with the PRINT command to direct prints to a stored address.
The alt attribute is used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered.
To change in character, appearance, direction, etc.
change in character or composition
change into different form
A memory which include current generators in a periphery outside the main memory core.
To revise or append to the rules.
An act of altering (making different).
The change necessarily includes the change of place of something.
Change of areas.
Change in areas.
Change or revision of the rights.
Change in the surface or shape of a coin.
The process of doing modification
Incorporated or included changes or revisions.
A switch having an alternative mode.
Dispute, argue noisily
A noisy argument.
Changed or revised title, post or duty.
The note which has been changed.
Changed, revised or revoked by the Parliament, for example, an Act, ordinance, etc.
Changed exit point or vent.
Change or cause to change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
To revise or change judgment or verdict.
Features, which was chosen by two artists to work with fashion as a tool for artistic expression.
Succeed each other by turns.
Which is happening in term.
To occur in a successive manner
to pass back and forth from one state to another
Directors succeeding each other by turns.
Who will be nominee after the one.
A recovery in websites. In considering alternate site disaster recovery, the two main issues are the reconfiguring or rebuilding infrastructure, and moving data between the primary site and the alternate site.
An official alternate route is a special route in the United States that provides an alternate alignment for a highway.
The routing of a call or message over a substitute route when a primary route is unavailable for immediate use.
Scheme which is substitute the one.
A specific duty levied in place the one.
A track with option like ADTL at the place of new Exile for the music.
An electric current that reverses its direction many times a second at regular intervals.
It is the group of even permutations of a finite set.
Successive change from one thing or state to another and back again.
A multicellular diploid phase alternates with a multicellular haploid phase.
Option to decide between two or more.
That can be used for another one.
One of two or more available possibilities.
available as another possibility or choice
An accommodation available as an option other than the predetermined or principal accommodation.
Any type of assessment in which students create a response to a question or task. It can includes short - answer questions, essays, performance assessment, oral presentations, demonstrations, exhibitions, and portfolios.
It is an economic term under which returns from a particular cause of action are compared with the other alternatives for choosing the best.
Demand that is created in place of the existing demand of a product.
A special way of doing something instead of the one originally planned.
A bill of exchange when made payable to two or more persons in the alternative.
Persons who may be payees or endorsees hold a negotiable instrument alternatively.
As the other possibility.
Verdict given by a court in the alternative.
Adopting one instead of another or more.
as another option or possibility
As another option or possibility
An accusation which can be made in the alternative.
A system available instead of another one.
The alt. * hierarchy is a major class of newsgroups in Usenet, containing all newsgroups whose name begins with "alt.", organized hierarchically.
A method of prayer practiced by those who have adopted alternative worship.
To pray in the method of alternative worship.
A scout promise which has no reference to duty to god; this promise has been accepted by only three countries: France, the Netherlands, and the Czech Republic.
Any kind of out - of - the - school education arranged either by the school or any other authority.
An institution which provides part of alternative education. It is an educational establishment with a curriculum and methods that are nontraditional.
Remedies sought in a lawsuit in various forms or in the alternative.
An electric generator that produces alternative current.
An electrical machine that produced alternative current.
AlterNet, a project of the non - profit Independent Media Institute, is a progressive / libera activist news service. Launched in 1998, AlterNet now claims a readership of over 3 million visitors per month.
To change or revise the boundaries of a country, province, etc.
To change one 's name.
A species of Althaea, bearing flowers of various colors, called also rose mallow.
In spite of the fact, even though
A high plateau
The height of an object or point in relation to sea level or ground level
A key on a computer keyboard used to change (alternate) the function of other pressed keys. Thus, the Alt key is a modifier key, used in a similar fashion to the Shift key.
Entirely, Totally
an organism is said to behave altruistically when its behaviour benefits other organisms
Unselfish
A group of closely related DNA sequences arising from a single ancestral sequence and found dispersed and repeated many times.
the terminal part of a bird 's wing corresponding to the thumb, consisting of two or more quills.
Association of students who have passed out of an university or school.
Any naturally occurring mineral or aggregate of minerals from which aluminium can be extracted.
A kind of clay minerals from which aluminium can be extracted.
A graduate or former student of a school, college, or university.
Former student of school, college, or university
One of the three chief goddesses of Arabian religion.
a dilatation forming a small sac
an anatomical structure that has the form of a hollow cavity.
a canal or a trough
Part of national capital region Delhi, India
At all times; invariably.
At all times, forever
The first person singular of the verb be
First person singular present
A bulbous ornament terminating the tops of Indian temple
an alloy of mercury with two or more metals.
A combination of different elements, a mixture
To combine into a unified or integrated whole.
to combine, unite, merge
Combined into one (unit).
The banking company which has combined into one through the process of amalgamation.
A company which has merged into another company.
The unit which has merged into another.
A company which acquires another company.
Act of combining into one (unit).
The action or process of amalgamating or the state of being amalgamated.
The action, process or result of combining
The merger or consolidation of two companies into one.
Merger of companies into each other.
Merger of partnership.
something which is in the possession of one party for the benefit for another
A famous calligraphist.
One who never dies
Site of great Buddhist Stupa.
a city in the Maharashtra state in India
Tributary of Kaveri River in Tamil Nadu.
Tourist place in Orissa.
A pilgrim town in Madhya Pradesh
One of the most famous Hindu shrines in Jammu and Kashmir.
A famous lake in Jaisalmer.
A 300 year old mansion of Jaisalmer 's of Maharaja Rawal Gaj Singh Salim Singh
Gather together or accumulate over a period of time.
absence of mamary glands developmentally or due to surgery.
Who is doing something for pleasure.
Someone who is good at something but is not experienced or a professional.
Done in an unskilful or inept way.
loss of vision without any apparent lesion of eye
Wonder, astonish
Surprise greatly
Causing great surprise or wonder.
Surprisingly
The biggest river in the world located in South America.
The part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Relating to the Amazon river or its valley.
The largest lowland in Latin America.
Area around the Amazon River
Basin of major South Amerian river.
Nation of all - female warriors in Greek mythology.
Important temple town in Gujarat.
A small city in Haryana.
Cantonment town in the Ambala District in Haryana.
A diplomatic official of the highest rank appointed and accredited as representative by one government or sovereign to another, usually for a specified length of time.
A person who represents his country in a foreign country.
People who represent their countries in foreign countries.
A diplomatic official of a foreign country appointed as its representative.
Famous palace in Mysore
New Delhi 's fashion hub.
to be
Fossilised tree resin which has very vibrant colour and beauty.
Area encircled by colour line.
A fort located in the city of Amer, Rajasthan.
Compound of Amber Fort.
A fort in Jaipur Rajasthan.
a person who can skillfully use both hand s with equal ease.
Using both hands easily.
Character or atmosphere of the place.
Completely enveloping.
Ambient light is the available light in a room, whether by natural or mechanical sources.
Ambient reflection is a gross approximation of multiple reflections from indirect light sources.
The amount of ambient light reflected from an object 's surface is determined by Jta, the ambient - reflection coefficient, which ranges from 0 to 1.
two subcircular semifenestrae separated by a broad vulval bridge carrying the slit - shaped vulva.
Ambiguity is a condition where information can be understood or interpreted in more than one way and is distinct from vagueness, which is a statement about the lack of precision contained or available in the information.
An error in reading a number represented in a digital display that can occur when this representation is changing.
Which is not clear - gives more than one meaning.
Matter that conveys more than one meaning.
In computer science, a context - free grammar is said to be an ambiguous grammar if there exists a string which can be generated by the grammar in more than one way (i. e., the string admits more than one parse tree or, equivalently, more than one leftmost derivation).
A legal document which is open to more than one interpretation.
Not clear or decided.
A compiler error, to avoid the mismatch we have to rename our getter or setter function.
An external boundary or circuit; sphere or scope.
Scope, extent.
Having or showing strong desire to succeed.
With great desire.
A challenging task to be achieved.
Walk or move with slow speed.
reduction of vision without any organic cause of eye.
Hill station in Maharashtra India.
Something very pleasing to taste and smell.
of the weevil subfamilies Scolytinae and Platypodinae which live in nutritional symbiosis with ambrosia fungi and probably with bacteria.
a medically equiped vehicle which transfers a patient to and fro to the hospital
A person who drives the ambulance.
Purposes or objectives related to transportation of patients.
A room where medical facilities are available.
the one who is able to move around or walk.
a patient who capable of moving around with or without help.
Slices or powder made from green unripe mangoes which are sun dried.
absence of limb / s by birth
To improve, to make better.
To make the condition better or improved.
The act or instance of ameliorating; the state of being ameliorated or improved.
the process of relieving the ill and bringing about change for the better.
Improvement or betterment of the conditions prevailing in the society.
In responsive or open manner.
To make improvement.
To carry out corrections.
Compensate or make up for any wrong - doing.
Correction or rectification.
A revised or changed accusation.
An agreement or accord between nations, which is amended.
A draft that has been amended.
A draft that has been amended.
An act which amends an existing law or act.
Process of altering.
An act which amends an existing law or act.
An act of amending Indian Income Tax Law.
Revision or improvement of something.
Authorised alteration in the license.
A satisfaction given by a wrongdoer to a party injured for a wrong committed.
Facilities those make life easier and pleasurable.
something that contributes to physical or material comfort
Facility that makes life pleasant.
A person who keeps the records and correspondence related to the provision of amenities.
a condition where there is loss or reduction in normal menstrual flow.
between two species involves one impeding or restricting the success of the other without being affected positively.
complete mental retardation
terminal stage of dementia due to degeneration.
A town in the state of Rajasthan, India.
To punish by imposing penalty.
It is primarily used to refer to United States of America.
Relating to the United States or its inhabitants.
One of largest landmasses on the earth.
A consortium of more than 60 American colleges and universities dedicated to promote Indian Studies abroad. The Institute was established in 1961 led by W. Norman Brown, Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Pennsylvania, who brought a long - held dream to reality with the creation of a non - governmental academic consortium to facilitate research on India.
The American National Standards Institute or ANSI is a private non - profit organization that oversees the development of voluntary consensus standards for products, services, processes, systems, and personnel in the United States.
People who belong to America or anything related to America.
People living in America.
An American Indian
Famous palace of Amer, Rajasthan.
undergoing slight or no metamorphosis.
A purple or violet gemstone.
Having or displayed a friendly and pleasant manner.
A friendly relationship.
Who has friendly touch.
A resolution or agreement reached by all the parties in a friendly manner.
Exhibiting friendliness or goodwill
A thin shelled diploid egg which cannot be fertilized. Instead, it develops by parthenogenesis.
In the middle of
Mid - way between the bow and stern of a ship
Variant of amid
To feel lonely.
The Amiga is a family of personal computers, beginning with Commodore company 's 16 - bit generation home computer.
aminergic neurosecretions of invertebrates deals with technics of detection and localization of these substances
molecules containing both amine and carboxyl functional groups.
Inappropriate or out of place
A famous Indian actor.
direct method of nuclear cell division without formation of chromosomes
Direct cell division by simple cleavage of the nucleus, without spindle formation or the appearance of chromosomes.
relating to amitosis
friendship or harmony between individuals or group.
Friendship or harmony and friendly relations.
A village in Kerala
A historic Hindu temple located in Madurai.
Explosive material.
Supply of destructive weapons like bullets and shells.
Ammunition to be used in war; war material.
complete or partial loss of memory
A general type of pardon (generally for political offences).
a membrane building the amniotic sac that surrounds and protects an embryo.
a fluid filled sac between the embryo and the amnion.
The fluid - filled cavity inside the amnion which contains the developing embryo.
a clear, slightly yellowish liquid that surrounds the unborn baby
unicelllular protozoa that changes shape by cytoplasmic processes.
infection caused due affection by amoeba
Variant of ameboid.
a mass resembling tumour, formed by granulomatous reaction in the intestine seen in amoebiosis.
Behave uncontrollably and disruptively
In the midst of, surrounded by
In the group, number or class of
Inclined towards, or showing love.
Associated with love.
having no real or apparent crystalline form
in unclear manner.
matrix with no real or apparent crystalline form
matrix with no real or apparent crystalline form
The reduction of a debt incurred in the purchase of stocks, bonds, property, etc. by regular payment consisting of interest and part of the principal made over a specific period of time upon the expiration of which the entire debt is repaid.
A fund created by contribution so that money is available to pay or redeem.
Reduction by payment in the specified initial expenses.
Gradually putting aside money to repay outstanding debt.
When some amount is set aside regularly for gradual reduction of debt.
The amount paid for reducing loan liability.
Loan which has been fully amortised.
Gradually putting aside money to repay outstanding debt.
To get free from a debt by extinguishing it.
Gradually liquidate something.
Quantity of money.
A sum of money.
The full effect or meaning; import.
Quantity; A total of two or more quantities.
A quantity of something such as time, money, substance etc.
Develop into, become.
Quantity of something.
The evaluation of the immovable property.
Amount which has been demanded as right.
A column where amount is indicated.
To change one kind of payment to another like monthly pension for a lump sum.
Those debts recovery of which in full or part is uncertain.
The act of depositing money.
A specified amount for a specified purpose.
When the amount shown in two sets of books for the same transaction are at variance.
Amount that has been withdrawn.
The amount a person is liable to give to another.
Amount owed as a debt.
To set aside money for some specific purpose.
Amount which has not been paid on due date.
An amount to be given or received about which the concerned parties have dispute.
An amount to be given or received about which the concerned parties have dispute.
An act which is equal to murder.
An act which amounts to a grave crime like murder, arson, etc according to law.
The amount of the unpaid due.
The total amount for which shares are being issued.
The degree or quantum of punishment.
The sum of money carried by a stock or share.
With regard to amount of a specified sum of money.
The amount of a sum of money set apart for a specific purpose, especially by legislation.
High cost of something or some act.
An amount which is due or not paid.
A sum of money that has been paid.
Keeping under objection an amount for which some objection has been raised.
Amount which has been paid in advance.
A sum of money that has been paid beforehand.
To obtain an amount of money against loan given or by selling something.
An amount which can be paid back on the basis of regular assessment.
Quantity of money or something.
Sums of money realised from reserved funds.
The amount shall be taken into consideration for the said purpose.
A sum of money deposited as credit in the name of a person who is assessed.
Be regarded as, equivalent to.
The act of withdrawing money from the account.
A secret love affair or lover.
An ampersand (&) is a logogram representing the conjunction word "and".
In animal cells, asters are formed with help of centrioles, which is called amphiastral or astral mitosis.
vertebrates living on land and in water
An animal which can survive both in water and on land.
able to use either land or water.
Plants rooted in soil or mud or sand along edge or bank of freshwater or with stiff shoots that arise from the water.
A salt of the class formed by the combination of an acid and a base.
Having two opposed sets of female reproductive organs, one extending anteriorly and the other posteriorly to the vulva.
Situated within the amphidial glands anterior to the nerve ring.
unusually situated at the anterior end of the fovea where descending and ascending branches contact with one another.
small, pore - like. Nerve - ring located in middle of isthmus.
The amphid aperture.
formed by a socket cell, which connects posteriorly to a long goblet shaped sheath ceil.
The cavity or chamber of the amphid which contains the sensilla.
containing the sensory elements of the sensilla and is situated posterior to the amphidial pouch.
An organism or individual having a diploid set of chromosomes derived from each parent.
Condition of having male and female reproductive organs on separate individuals and those individuals are accordingly male and female.
A diploid nucleus containing two haploid sets of chromosomes.
The union of the sperm and egg in sexual reproduction.
Pertains to a molecule containing both polar (water - soluble) and nonpolar (water - soluble) portions in its structure.
Having both gills and lungs through all life stages, as in some amphibians.
A large stadium for contests and spectacles.
Parthenogenetic multiplication by both sexes.
Partly inverted and attached near the center to the funiculus.
Of large or great size, amount, extent or capacity.
More than enough, capacity.
An amplifier is such an electronic device which increases the voltage, current, or power of a signal. Amplifiers can be classified as weak - signal amplifiers or power amplifiers
To make larger or more powerful; increase.
Add details to
wideness in range
A circuit that prevents the amplitude of a waveform from exceeding a specified value. Also called clipper.
Amplitude modulation (AM) is a technique used in electronic communication, most commonly for transmitting information via a radio carrier wave.
Amplitude modulation is one way to carry information on a carrier, such as a radio signal, the other is FM (Frequency Modulation).
The measure of extent of amplitude variation about an unmodulated maximum carrier.
An AM receiver detects amplitude variations in the radio waves at a particular frequency. It then amplifies changes in the signal voltage to drive a loudspeaker or earphones.
Amplitude modulation signalling system refers to that digital signalling system which is used for conjuncting low bit rate information to an analogue amplitude modulated broadcast signal in the same way as the Radio Data System is used for frequency modulated broadcast signals.
Sufficiently, more than adequately
formed by the union of the pancreatic duct and the common bile duct.
Flask - shaped; dilated.
The condition of disability resulting from the loss of one or more limbs, usually by surgery.
surgical removal of al or part of limb disablility due to loss of limb / s
a surgical instrument used to perform amputation
A city in Maharashtra.
A city in Gujarat.
Arab military commander
Historical city in the state of Punjab.
Frenzied as if possessed by something
Feeling one has after experiencing something that makes one laugh or raises spirits
Something meant for entertainment or pleasure.
Entertainment that makes one laugh or raises spirits
inability to produce music or musical sounds.
Someone or something that provides entertainment or incites laughter.
an enzyme that breaks starch down into sugar.
A colorless plastid that forms starch granules and occurs in cells of plant storage.
absence of normal muscular tension
A temporary state of reduced metabolism in which metabolic activity is absent or undetectable.
a process of metaolism that converts simple substances into complex one in living organism.
The phase of metabolism in which simple substances are synthesized into the complex materials of living tissue.
Anything that is or seems to be out of its proper time in history
reduction in the number of red blood cells.
relating to anemia.
an organism which survives without the need of free air or oxygen.
an organism that lives and grows in the absence of molecular oxygen.
not aerobic, active even in absence of free air.
Biological treatment in the absense of Oxygen.
Respiration in which molecular oxygen is not consumed.
metabolic processes occurring in the absence of molecular oxygen.
induction of a loss of painful sensation by an agent especially for the purpose of any painful procedure like surgery.
a branch of medicine that deals with anaesthesia and anaesthetics.
an agent that is administered to produce anaesthesia
an agent that is administered to produce anaesthesia
A person specially trained for administering anasthetics.
an individual trained in administering anaesthesics.
To administer anaesthesia to someone
A volcano island in Indonesia.
anything related to anus
the excretory opening at the end of the alimentary canal
Relating to or situated near the anus.
The opening of the anus, from which Fundie Muck emerges.
Diameter of the opening of anus.
width of the opening of anus.
Cells in the anus.
Cerci of the anus.
any of the slitlike openings in the gills
The dorsal and ventral nerves are connected at intervals by asymmetrical dorso - ventral connectives throughout their length.
a condition where no sense of pain is felt, without the loss of consciousness.
a substance that is taken to reduce pain or cause analgesia
subhemispherical, more pointed at the posterior angle.
Elongated and boot shaped with a long toe, a well defined and nearly straight Cuspl.
Comparison between 2 things for explanation.
A sharp reasoning dealing with deduction, induction, or abduction theory which involves the application of some version of analogy.
In Electronics, a circuit designed so that circuit variables (such as voltages) are proportional to the values of variables in a system under study.
Which looks similar in certain ways.
Which looks similar in certain ways.
Similar or alike in such a way as to permit the drawing of an analogy.
Comparable in certain respects.
organs superficially appear to be similar and perform the same function.
Post that is alike in certain ways.
Products which are similar or alike in features of characteristics.
something that has a property which is similar to the other in some ways though otherwise dissimilar resemblence between function of organs otherwise different.
an organ or part analogous to another.
Analogue Expansion Bus is a hardware bus which was designed for interfacing DTI / 124, D / 4x, AMX and other voice response component boards.
Analogue loopback refers to the process of modem self - test in which data from the keyboard or an internal test pattern is sent to the modem 's transmitter, turned into analog form and looped back to the receiver and converted back into digital form.
Known similarity in certain respects.
Which seems to be partially similar.
opening of anus
a ring like muscle that closes the anal opening.
one of several veins in the rear portion of the wing of an insect.
Examine methodically and in detail
A detailed examination of a subject / elements of substance.
a sysytem of investigation where the whole is split into its component parts for detailed study.
process of breaking a complex topic or substance into smaller parts to gain a better understanding of it.
Detailed examination.
Analysis block contains subject data constructed according to various systems, both verbal and notational.
The Analysis Mode can be selected from the toolbar, the Analysis menu, or the right - click menu.
Detailed analytical examination of the advances.
Analytical examination of the balance sheet.
The study of the constituent parts of specimens.
A person who separates an intellectual or material whole into its constituent parts for individual study.
Analytic refers to the "having the ability to analyze" or "division into elements or principles."
A person who is responsible for helping in the task of analysis.
An important step in the history of computers which was the design of a mechanical general - purpose computer by English mathematician Charles Babbage.
Estimate made by using analytic methods.
A company which provides COTS software to national security and space professionals for integrated analyses and visualization of land, sea, air, and space assets.
Using analysis or logical reasoning.
It is an approach to swiftly answer multi - dimensional analytical queries.
Study conducted by using analytic methods.
A scoring procedure in which performances are evaluated for selected traits, with each trait receiving a separate score.
An algorithm which analyzes the input, performs whatever computation is necessary, and produces an answer indicating "yes, the string is legal," or "No, it is not legal".
an abnormal change in the form of a plant that falsely gives it the appearance of a different species.
A city in Gujarat.
One of the principal disciples of India.
A famous ashram dedicated to Ma Anandamayee.
A large mansion located in Allahabad.
A holy city in Punjab.
A city in Andhra Pradesh.
One of the greatest Eastern Ganga Kings.
A city in jammu and Kashmir.
The stage of mitosis or meiosis beginning with the separation of sister chromatids followed by their movement towards the poles of the spindle.
The deliberate repetition of a word or a phrase.
an reaction of hypersensitivity on exposure to an agent to which it is previously become sensitised.
dedifferntiation or loss of structural form within cells, with increased multiplication capacity
A river in Sicily.
Lacking order or control.
A society with no rulership or enforced authority.
A state of disorder due to absence or non - recognition of an authority
A tourist spot in Ajmer.
An artificial lake in Ajmer in Rajasthan state of India
An artificial lake in Ajmer
oedema all over the body with accumulation of serum in tissues
natural or surgical formation of communication between the blood vessels (collaterals) forming a continous framework.
a vessel that directly interconnects an artery and a vein, and that acts as a shunt to bypass the capillary bed.
Mitosis in which a spindle forms but no centrioles or asters are observed.
Curse, condemn
of or relating to anatomy.
Relating to the body structure
Dissect
a branch of science / morphology that deals with the structure of livng organisms.
The science concerned with the shape, structure and the relationship of parts of organisms.
Person from whom one is descended.
A person from whom one is descended
people who have descended from the same person who is more remote than their grandparents.
Of, relating to or evolved from an ancestor or ancestors.
Of, belonging to or inherited from ancestors
The house of the ancestors.
Loan that has been inherited from ancestors.
A task of ancestry testing or testing task force that reviewed the current state of the science and of the types of companies that offer direct - to - consumer genomic testing.
One 's ethnic descent
It is a heavy object, often made out of metal, which is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving.
A heavy object used to moor a ship to the sea bottom
Moor a ship to the sea bottom with an anchor
A place for anchoring ships.
A charge for anchoring ships.
A picture or graph that remains at a fixed position on a page of a document rather than being attached to the text.
The act of fastening something (increase in price) so that it cannot move further upwards.
It was arecord label in U. K. and marketing division of ABC - Paramount Records in the United States.
Of great age; very old; of or relating to times long past, especially those of the historical period.
Belonging to the very distant past
A capital of a country / state used in the past
Related to the old Egyptian civilization
People belonging to the old Egyptian Civilization
One of the most powerful empires in Southeast Asia in the ancient times
The right to receive, by a particular window or windows, adequate or unobstructed daylight.
A series of athletic competitions held in honour of the God Zeus
A tribal living in the ancient times
The world in ancient times
Subsidiary or auxiliary instruments.
Which is subordinate to the main.
A subsidiary or auxiliary activity.
Not being the main but a supportive equipment.
Industries which produce goods / equipments for the main industry.
An industry that makes equipments for the main industry.
A license which is subordinate in nature.
Something which is secondary to or derivative of the principal.
Something which is secondary or minor to the principal.
Ancillary powers allow the court to hear certain claims sufficiently related to the original claim.
Subsidiary or auxiliary services.
AND, Automotive Navigation Data, is leading provider of digital mapping data used for navigation and location - based services. Also a bitwise AND takes two binary representations of equal length and performs the logical AND operation on each pair of corresponding bits.
In addition, along with
Group of Indian oceans in the Bay of Bengal
Group of volcanic islands in the Bay of Bengal
A group of islands in Bay of Bengal
A sports complex in Andaman offering water sports facilities
It is the means by which two or more electrical devices can be connected to form an electric circuit.
World 's longest continental mountain range
Foothills of the Andean Mountain range
An alternative source to miniaturise memory elements while increasing the number and capacity of memory.
World 's longest mountain range located in Europe
It is a digital logic gate that implements logical conjunction; it behaves according to the truth table to the right.
State situated on the south - western coast of India
Conditional words
Normally used in photoshop wherein soft edges and areas of fine detail can be selected by using the improved Refine Edge and Refine Mask dialog boxes.
It is a unary operation that performs logical negation on each bit, forming the ones' complement of the given binary value. A bitwise exclusive or takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical XOR operation on each pair of corresponding bits.
A bitwise operation operates on one or more bit patterns or binary numerals at the level of their individual bits.
Used for saying that either of both two situations are possible
A form of graph or tree used in problem solving and problem decomposition.
From the Greek words "anere", for adult and "agogus", the art and science of helping students learn. The methods or techniques used to teach adults.
A town in Italy
An English or American name
It is a distributed networked file system which uses a set of trusted servers to present a homogeneous, location - transparent file name space to all the client workstations.
A Greek prefix which means male or masculine
a male part of a flower in a flowering plant.
male sex hormone which gives the typical male sexual characteristics
Male parthenogenesis in which the embryo contains only paternal chromosomes due to the failure of the egg nucleus to participate in fertilization.
A spore of some algae, which has male functions.
its word that connects two sentences, phrases, clauses
And so on / etc.
Etcetera
Counting in same way
A short, amusing or interesting story about a real incident or person
instrument used to record the speed and direction of wind.
fertilized by wind - borne pollen or spores.
To be able to fly upwind.
a congenital condition where the cranial vault is absent with no or very small cerebral hemispheres.
A river to the south of New Delhi
Administer an anaesthetic
A city in Indonesia
The characteristic of having a chromosome complement that is not an exact multiple of the haploid number.
The characteristic of having a chromosome complement that is not an exact multiple of the haploid number.
a matter of bad connections.
In a new and different way, manner or form.
Once more, again
a state of anxiety leading to unresolved conflicts causing an emotional disturbance.
One of the major Naga tribes of Nagaland
A spiritual being believed to act as a messenger, attendant or agent of God
The world 's highest waterfall in Venezuela
Relating to angels
City in Philippines
A strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure or hostility
intense pain of suffocating, choking or spasmodic in nature.
A peak in the Niligiri Hills of the Western Ghats
Flowering plants.
A region in Cambodia
Last capital city of the Khmer Empire.
inclination made by one line to the other, or the space that is formed when two lines meet at a point, and is measured in degrees or radians.
The space between two intersecting lines or surfaces
A biased way of looking at something
A pair of symbols, < >, used to enclose written or printed material.
The angle of incidence is the angle between a ray incident on a surface and the line perpendicular to the surface at the point of incidence, called the normal.
A scheming person
A person who fishes with a rod and line
The spaces between 2 intersecting lines
A member of any of the Anglican Churches
The sport or past - time of fishing with a rod and line
Catching trout with a rod and line
Used to indicate a relation to the Angles, England or the English people
People who have mixed Indian and British ancestry
Anglo - Indian community is a minority community originating in India consisting of people of mixed British and Indian ancestry whose native language is English.
A war between Manipur and Britain
Full of anger
When you feel annoyed or irritated
It is an internationally recognized unit of length equal to 0. 1 nanometre or 1  1010 metres. It is named after Anders Jonas ngstrm.
All the cells are similar in structure except for the apical cell when it is present.
genital system resembles the long - flexed ovary, long columned uterus.
Agonizing physical or mental pain; torment.
Having angles or sharp corners
most studied form of cryptobiosis and occurs in situations of extreme desiccation.
failure of function of sweat glands.
A living creature.
An animal organism other than a human, especially a mammal.
Any living organism other than plants or humans
Any disease which typically affects animals and not human beings.
A person who specialises in animal genetics.
The well being of animals and prevention of disease among them.
The work of breeding and caring for farm animals.
The science of breeding and caring for farm animals
Any oil obtained from anial substances.
The care and procreation of animals; animal husbandry.
Living organisms
Living organisms other than plants and animals, some animals (birds) have feathers and wings
The tendency of economy when one segment records growth another will follow.
Tendency of economy where values are not respected / observed.
Welfare activities related to the health and well - being of animals.
Animals who are not domesticated and are in the state of nature.
Bring to life
Full of life and energy
It is the rapid display of a sequence of images of 2 - D or 3 - D artwork or model positions in order to create an illusion of movement.
To believe in a supernatural power that organizes the material universe
Strong dislike or hatred.
Intention of dedicating or donating.
The seed of the anise
a condition where the size of pupils of eyes. is not equal.
a variation in the size of erythrocytes in the blood
the cells throughout the intestine, in cross section are different in height
A gamete that do not have the same size and structure as the one with which it unites.
union between two gametes that differ in size or form.
without denticles or fine warts.
Aniseed is a substance made from the seeds of the anise plant.
A town in Gujarat
A river in Kerala
An Indian fashion designer
A village in Goa
A beach in Anjuna, Goa
A flea market held on Anjuna Beach everyday Wednesday
The joint which connects the foot to the leg
the joint that is formed between leg and foot.
A city in Gujarat
a congenital disorder where the membrane (mucus) under the tongue is short making the mobility restricted.
cosolidation or stiffness of a joint due to injury or surgical.
A condition due to faulty bone structure.
The consolidation of muscles or their parts to form a single unit
A kind of genus, a parasitic nematodes which reside in the intestine.
An intestinal infection caused by Ancylostoma duodenale.
A record of events of one year
Hills in Kerala
A temple in Uttar Pradesh
Is a section of Himalayas in the north - central Nepal
A university in Coimbatore
A certificate granted by the distt. Revenue (Distt. Collector) certifying that crops are below average in the specified areas of the distt.
Queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland
hardening something by heat treatment.
To join something.
Attach to
An added building adjacent to the main building.
The right enjoyed by a landowner of making limited use of his neighbor 's land, as by crossing it to reach his own property.
An addition which is made to a record or other document.
An additional memory attached to the primary memory of a system.
Documents / papers annexed to a letter.
Papers which form annexure.
To destroy completely.
To destroy completely.
Kill in large number
The act of doing the destruction
The date on which an event took place in previous year (years).
The date on which some special event took place or an institution was founded
Add notes for giving an explanation or comments
Adding explanation notes.
A template to perform some text project wherein Revit Architecture opens the Family Editor.
Make known publicly.
Make a formal public statement
A piece of information given over a public address system
One who announces.
To cause slight irritation to another by troublesome, often repeated act.
Make someone angry, irritated
Act of making angry (slight).
Act of making angry (slight).
A bot on an IRC channel that performs some irritating function.
Recurring, done or performed every year; yearly.
Occurring once every year
Accounts prepared for the year end / financial or otherwise.
Increase in a year.
The annual increase in the difference between the debit and credit sides of an account.
A report on administrative matters covering a year.
A calendar mechanism that adjusts automatically for the different lengths of the months. It need be reset just once a year, at the end of February, because it doesn 't know whether February has 28 or 29 days in a given year.
A document certifying the annual difference between the debit and credit sides of an account.
A certificate issued at the end of the year on balances.
An amount charged annually for a service rendered.
Charges required to be paid on annual basis.
When accounts are balanced at the end of the year.
Anniversary
Depreciation on assets at the end of the year.
A share of profits received annually by a policyholder in a mutual insurance society.
An amount to be paid annually as settlement of a debt.
That annual Act of Parliament which amends tax laws in force.
An annual statement by any businessmen entity listing the capital, assets and liabilities of the organisation.
The meeting or gathering of the general body of something held annually.
Which is performed for a period of one year every year.
Estimation of annual rental value of property.
Something done every year.
Once a year; every year
Once a year, every year
A holy fair held in Prayag, Allahabad every year
The annual gross profit minus all operating costs.
Amounts paid annually to certain trusts that manage a Hindu temple, especially in Kerala.
An annual publication, more often called simply an annual, is a book or a magazine, comic book or comic strip published yearly.
The amount given annually as rent.
Repairs undertaken for the year.
Repairing done on annual basis.
The amount that a borrower can spare in a year towards repayment of loan out of his resources.
Report prepared annually on the activities of the organisation
A formal statement containing certain details of the company required to be submitted annually.
Conducting a critical evaluation of functioning.
The layer of wood formed in a plant during a single year.
a plant that usually germinates, flowers, and dies in one year.
Calculated over or covering a period of a year
An abstract of a financial account showing an amount due given annually.
The review of the stock done annually.
Value that stands at the end of the year.
The schedule of work prepared for one year.
A person who receives an annuity.
A yearly grant or allowance.
A certificate of debt in which promise is made to pay heck certain amount for a fixed period annually.
A business in which the return of the annuity is insured.
A document which certifies the right to receive annuity.
A legal agreement pertaining to the payment or receipt of annuity.
Sum required to be deposited in respect of a particular year.
Such deposit that entitles the depositor to receive a series of equal annual sum.
A scheme relating to deposit for annuity.
A fund created for the purpose of annuity.
An annuity which has been granted or accepted.
Where annuity sum is paid during whole life.
The annual payment of an allowance or income, which is valid for life, or till death.
Method adopted for annuity.
A type of annuity where option of termination is available to the client.
The annual payment of an allowance or income which is subject to termination.
For the production of an amount which has to paid annually as allownce or income.
To make inoperative.
To cancel / abolish.
To obliterate the effect or existance of something.
Declare invalid
Having or consisting of rings or ringlike segments.
Having or consisting of rings or ringlike segments.
The act or process of forming rings.
To make or declare void or invalid the verdict of conviction.
Tracess of rings formed on the surface.
A narrow circle of some distinct colour on a surface or round an organ.
The act of invalidating or declaring void or invalid.
The act of making or declaring void or invalid the right to judge.
The act of nullifying the agreement of renting or leasing of a property.
Structure in a fern that consists of differentially thick - walled cells
The region lying between two concentric circles.
Used with pannel which is a group of lights used as a central indicator of status of equipment or systems in an aircraft, industrial process, building or other installation.
inherited or belonging to an ancestor.
an abnormal passage near the anus, which may or may not communicate with rectum
Extraordinary
anolumber ganglion which terminates the lateral nerves and receives commissures that connect the ventral nerve with the dorsal nerve.
entering a single or paired anal or preanal ganglion
It is any occurrence or object that is strange, unusual, or unique. In computer science, anomaly detection refers to the process of detecting anomalies from the relevant data.
growth that is associated with the formation of multiple cambia.
Deviating from what is standard, normal or expected
A mortgage deviating from the normal or common order, form or rule.
Having features of inconsistency.
Having self contradictory parts.
congenital or hereditary deviation from normal structure.
discrepancy or deviation from an established rule or trend.
A map which measures the slight variations in the magnetic field of the Earth.
Soon, shortly
"without a name" or "namelessness". Full anonymity on the Internet, however, is not guaranteed since IP addresses, in principle, can be tracked, allowing to identify the computer from which a certain post was made, albeit not the actual user.
Whose name is not known.
Whose name is not known.
An access which enables users to find resources in the public areas of Web sites without having to provide authentication credentials.
Such complaints which have been received from persons whose names are not known or are in assumed name.
A complaint where complaint has not furnished his name.
A method for downloading public files using the File Transfer Protocol (FTP).
Without giving or disclosing one 's name.
It is an entry on a bulletin board system, Internet forum or message board, blog, or other discussion forum without a screen name or more commonly by using a non - identifiable pseudonym.
It is a server computer which receives messages with embedded instructions on where to send them next, and which forwards them without revealing where they originally came from.
A server that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers.
A work authored by more than one anonymous writers.
A small group of insects usually considered to constitute an order.
absence of one or both testes by birth.
connective related to the anus and the rectum.
Symptoms of low appetite due to an intense fear of becoming fat.
loss of sense of smell
Any other or different thing or person
a condition where even though there is normal perfusion of the tissues by blood there is absence of oxygen supply to them.
a condition characterized by an absence of oxygen supply to an organ or a tissue.
A type of cryptobiosis induced by lack of oxygen.
Having an unknown or unacknowledged name.
By long time.
A mall in New Delhi
It is a private non - profit organization that oversees the development of voluntary consensus standards for products, services, processes, systems, and personnel in the United States.
The use of ANSI standard sequences of characters (escape sequences) which, when sent to the screen of a computer, make it perform actions such as clearing the screen.
A system through which ANSI maintains a data base that is searched with every new registration request to ensure that duplicate identifiers are never registered.
A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
An act in retaliation or response.
To give a spoken or written reply, as to a question.
A thing that is said, written or done as a reaction to a question, statement or situation
The state of being responsible.
Who is responsible for something.
Accountable to the party which has suffered the damages.
with responsibility to a action
Something which will respond to all cases.
To respond in a rude or disrespectful way
A book containing reply to questions.
A feature wherein we can specify the number of times (09) an incoming call should ring before it is answered by Automatic System Answer.
A thing written and said in reaction to a question
Corresponding to or matching to some description.
Average time before telephone call is answered.
To give an answer which expresses or involves a question.
To reply a question in negative; saying 'no' to a question.
A configuration List of answers for the questions directly asked in web - sites.
To answer the relevant, consequential or crucial questions.
A modem that can receive messages but cannot send them.
A method and apparatus are described for automatically placing a modem in the answer or originate mode of operation without the use of a ring detector or a manually operated answer / originate mode selection switch.
A sheet of paper used for writing answer of questions.
To give a spoken or written reply to a legal claim.
To repay a debt.
To respond to a claim or demand made by the party who institutes a suit in a court.
To give a spoken or writted reply to an accusation.
To correspond to or match to some description.
A dynasty of Hellenistic kings
opposition between two things
One who is opponent.
A person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something
Showing or feeling opposition or hostility towards something
Showing opposition or hostility
a cover crop for direct seeding, intercrops or soil amendment.
A meditation agent in reducing intestinal uptake.
Region around the South Pole
A continent in the South Pole region
The northern most part of Antarctica
relating to in opposit, located at the opposit, or non - constituting an apex.
Cell relating in opposit, located at the opposit, or non - constituting an apex.
Going before; preceding.
Preceding in time or order; prior.
A debt which is due for repayment from past.
A prior discussion between two parties.
Significant occurrences of the past.
The prior records of a criminal.
Head of a nymph of Tartessus.
The internal, anterior ridge of the tergum or sternum of many insects that provides a surface.
across the anterior margin, always completely hidden in the intact metasoma
An inner sclerite between the trochantin and the episternum.
A sclerite of the metasternum, just anterior to the hind coxae.
To be of an earlier date than; preceding in time.
A date given earlier than the actual date.
Cheque containing earlier date.
A cheque of an earlier date than the current date.
To assign to a date earlier than that of the actual occurence.
Hoofed animals with horns
before death
before birth, period of pregnancy.
care to be taken during pregnancy.
A nursing home before delivery of a child.
appendages used for sensing in arthropods and crustaceans.
The bandwidth of an antenna is the range of frequencies over which it is effective, usually centered on the resonant frequency.
Capture area, or effective aperture (Ae),  is a direct function of antenna gain and operating wavelength.
Efficiency is the ratio of power actually radiated to the power put into the antenna terminals.
Gain as a parameter measures the efficiency of a given antenna with respect to a given norm, usually achieved by modification of its directionality.
Another antenna that can change spherical waves into flat plane waves is the lens antenna.
contiguous with subclypeal area that is excavated with complex ridges.
Proximity of power absorbing loses. The total antenna efficiency takes into account all loses in the antenna such as reflections due to mismatch between transmission lines and the antenna, conduction and dielectric loses.
simulation of antennas in free - space applying techniques. In practice such antennas are mounted on physical structures which significantly influences their free - space radiation characteristics.
It refers to the directional (angular) dependence of radiation from the antenna or other source.
Every antenna is at resonance according to length to which it is cut. They are usually cut to resonate at a particular band of frequencies.
one of the first pair of small antennae on the head of a crustacean.
Discussions taking place between the two parties before the marriage.
haemorrhage occuring before parturition.
Genital tube proceeding anterior from the vulva in monovarial amphidelphic descendants.
Toward the anterior portion of the body.
toward the front plane of body.
Placed before or in front.
border on the anterior side
A crown of six papillae or setae located immediately posterior to the labial crown of papillae.
The anteriad cephalid at which the two lateral cords arise.
chamber on the anterior side
A cross vain in frontal.
Near the front
Before the grant of the debt.
Toward the front and dorsum.
pertaining to the anterior end and the midline.
Articulatory surface of petiole, long and very broad.
Acting to expel or destroy parasitic intestinal worms.
an agent that causes destruction of worms.
In a flower, the terminal part of a stamen in which the pollen grains are produced.
The cell from which the antheridium develops
An upright structure consisting of a stalk and cap.
A sperm - producing organ occurring in seedless plants, fungi, and algae.
the period during which a flower is fully open and functional.
the period during which a flower is fully open and functional.
Any of various water - soluble pigments that impart to flowers and other plant parts colors ranging from violet and blue to most shades of red.
a field of science that measures size, weight, proportions of human body.
The scientific study of the origin, behaviour, physical, cultural and social development of humans
Something having significance according to anthropology.
The study of humankind
A unique governmental organization of the government of India dealing exclusively with anthropological research.
A specialist in anthropologist.
A person who studies the study oh humankind
the science that deals with origin, historical and cultural, and races. i. e social relationships of human beings.
a study of humankind
The attribution of human characteristics of behaviour to a God, animal or object
opposed to or against
A weapon related to the defence against an aircraft attack.
a factor / agent that acts to counteract anemia
reducing the growth / reproduction of bacteria
An association between two or more organisms that is detrimental to at least one of them.
substance that is produced by one micro - organism which acts to suppress or destroy other micro - organisms but is non toxic to the host.
a substance or compound that kills or inhibits the growth of bacteria.
to withstand the effect of antibiotic.
an immune response where blood protein are produced in response to antigens.
An immunoglobulin, a specialized immune protein, produced because of the introduction of an antigen into the body.
An immunoglobulin, a specialized immune protein, produced because of the introduction of an antigen into the body.
Expect or predict
Amount of credit (Loan) which is regarded as probable.
Expenditure which is considered as probable.
Income which is considered likely to accrue.
Amount of profit which is foreseen.
Receipt of estimated revenue which is foreseen.
Amount of money which is likely to be saved.
A process expecting.
Which has been expected (in advance).
The act of anticipating; an expectation or foreknowledge.
Bail which is granted in advance (in bailable offences).
Amount which is being taken on loan in anticipation.
That amount of interest which is showing anticipation.
Anticipatory pension is given when a persons capacity for work is reduced to such an extent that it makes self - support impossible.
Estimate of an expenditure which has been anticipated.
Taking curve in a direction which is opposite to the movement of hands of clock.
moving in a direction opposite to the direction of hands of a clock
reducing the severity of convulsions
Steps initiated to curb corruption.
A person who has been entrusted by the government to fight corruption
A police official who has been entrusted with the responsibility of fighting corruption.
The movement of ups & down which is occurring / revolving in a manner which is opposite to cycles.
An agent that counteracts a poison and neutralizes its effects.
Which is opposed to place something in large quantity in the market.
Which is against placing something in the market in a large quantity.
nontoxic ideal insecticide.
one which prevents or inhibits the feeding of insect pests without killing or repelling them.
A liquid which is added to water to lower the freezing point
Metal which is friction resistance.
a substance foreign to the body capable of inducing a immune response
a substance that prompts the generation of antibodies and can cause an immune response.
A substance that when introduced into the body stimulated the production of an antibody.
an agent that counteracts haemorrhage
A drug used to treat allergies, hypersensitive reactions and cold
acting against infection
acting against inflammation
Steps taken to check the increasing trend of inflation.
Policy decision which may help checking inflationary trend.
A group of islands in west Indies
that which has property to counteract lysin
anything that acts to suppress lysis.
agent used in prevention or treatment of malaria
A government official in India entrusted with the responsibility of prevention and cure of malaria.
an agent that inhibits the use of metabolites
a chemical that inhibits the use of a metabolite, which is another chemical that is part of normal metabolism.
an agent that inhibits the use of metabolites
an agent which destroys disease carrying microorganisms
Which is against payments and transfer of funds from one account to another to hide the source and beneficial ownership of money.
Law that is against creation of sole right of doing some business etc.
A metallic element having four allotropic forms, used in a variety of alloys.
substance that reduces neuritis ie inflammation of nerve.
A water - soluble B vitamin group member, required for energy production and carbohydrate metabolism.
an agent that reduces or suppreses oedema
an agent that controls or inhibits the groth of parasites.
Variety of cold food like vegetables, fish, pork which is served as cocktails snack at the beginning to meal as appetizer
In opposite nature, character
factor used to suppress or counteract pellagra.
reveresed peristalsis.
Law connected with unauthorised use of something which is patented.
A group of cells, situated at the opposite end to the micropyle, in the mature embryo sac of flowering plants.
an agent lethal to protozoa, that which reduces the growth of protozoa
an agent that prevents or relievs itching.
agents relieving or reducing fever
One who studies, collects or deals in antiquities.
Relating to study of antiques
Person who is dealing in antiques
The value of an antiquity fixed by the antiquarian.
Which is ancient.
A collectable object
Belonging to, made in, or typical of an earlier period.
Collectable objects which has higher price
An object, building or work of art from ancient past
Collection of things made in ancient times and ancient art objects.
Which has quality of being ancient.
Which has quality of being ancient.
Something belonging to the ancient period.
Ancient past
A person who helps in maintenance of antiquities.
used to counteract rabies.
agent used for treatment and suppression of rickets
Anti - replay protocol refers to that protocol which makes sure IP packet - level security by making it impossible for a hacker to capture message packets and placed altered packets into the data stream between a source computer and a destination computer.
working towards reducing the symptoms of rheumatism
preventing or curing scurvy.
A factor which prevent scurvy or disorder, due to lack of Vitamin C.
That prevents the erosion of land by the constant battering of the sea.
A project connected with stopping erosion of sea banks.
preventing sepsis / infection, preventing the growth of microorganisms but not necessarily destroy them.
process of preventing the growth of microorganisms but not necessarily destroy them.
serum containing specific antibodies
an agent relieving spasms.
Anti - infertility
Anti - infertility factors.
Law which is against going on strike without following a valid process.
Any drug or agent that is effective against syphilis.
Weapons used to destroy tanks.
agent that counteracts the effect of toxin.
A substance which counters the toxins in the body.
which neutralises the effect of toxin
an antibody with the ability to neutralize a specific toxin.
Capable of relieving or suppressing coughing.
material used in the treatment of poisoning of animal venom.
Antiviral program refers to such a program which seaches computers hard drive and other storage devices, like floppy disks, CD, USB drive etc. for availabality of any known or potential viruses other malicious software and eliminate them from the system.
Antivirus program refers to such a program which seaches computers hard drive and other storage devices, like floppy disks, CD, USB drive etc. for availabality of any known or potential viruses other malicious software and eliminate them from the system.
Antivirus scanner refers to such a program which seaches computers hard drive and other storage devices, like floppy disks, CD, USB drive etc. for availabality of any known or potential viruses other malicious software and eliminate them from the system.
Antivirus software refers to such a program which seaches in computers hard drive and other storage devices, like floppy disks, CD, USB drive etc. for availabality of any known or potential viruses, other malicious software and eliminates them from the system.
a substance which acts to interfere with the normal utilisation of vitamins.
That prevents or removes the flooding with water.
A resistance mechanism employed (usually by a plant) to deter or prevent pest colonisation.
Deer having horn on the head
One without specification.
Name of roman general
existing before birth.
natural chamber or cavity of the body.
A small wingless insect
Comparison is not possible
Town in Madhya Pradesh
complete reduction of urine formation of kidney
A heavy block on which hot metals are shaped by hammering
Used to refer one or many things
Anyone
A new trend of banking where one can conduct operations in his / her account from any branch of the bank.
Something which can occur at any time; that is available at any time.
In any way whatsoever
Any law which had been applicable before the coming into force of a new constitution.
Any law which can be drafted and passed by the Parliament.
Anymore
A mineral without specification.
Anywhere
More distant in degree
An office generating revenues or involving a question of confidence.
An officer without specification.
One amongst available options
Not a single person
An act without specification other than the principal, that can harm any person.
A law other than the principal, which is in force for a specified period of time.
A quantity without specification.
A part of the citizen population without specification.
Used to refer to one or many things
An act done of left out to be done.
Anything which has been done or intended to be done under the said Act.
For any period
A new concept in banking operations under which banking transaction can be undertaken from any place, day and night i. e. any time.
In any way
In any place
Some place elsewhere
Some place elsewhere which is close also
In any manner or way
conoid, strongly annulated, well set off lip region, spermagonium in uterine tract and dorsally convex tail contour.
the largest artery in the body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart
With rapid movements
Self
Remote and separate socially and physically
With the exception of.
Besides; Moreover.
Except from
A policy based on segregation on the grounds of race.
A room designed as a residence.
A room or suite of rooms designed as a residence and generally located in a building occupied by more than one household.
A room or suite of rooms designed as a residence and generally located in a building occupied by more than one household.
A suite of rooms on one floor
having lack of feeling or emotion, interest.
Without feeling interest, emotion
Lack of interest.
lack of feeling or emotion or interest.
Lack of interest, concern
A place to enter or exit.
An opening or open space.
Aperture is an open source library for crawling and indexing information sources such as file systems, websites and mail boxes wherein The Aperture code consists of a number of related but independently usable parts.
An opening such as a hole, gap or slit.
The sample and hold takes a period of time to capture a sample of the sensor signal. This is called the aperture time.
A high point.
Highest point of something.
The end or edge of a vein nearest the surface.
The tip, top, point, or angular summit of anything.
The highest point of something
The bank which is at the top of the ladder or structure of the concerned banking system.
outward thrust / beat felt over the, 5th left intercostal space (apex) of the heart
An structure of organisation which is at the top.
An structure of organisation which is at the top.
a nonmotile asexual spore produced by certain algae and fungi
Lack of development of organ or tissues.
A condition where bone marrow does not produce sufficient new blood cells.
stoppage of breathing
Something that is related to apocalypse, prophecy or revelation.
a flower that has separate carpels.
an ingrowth of the insect exoskeleton which serves as an attachment site for muscles.
without limbs, feet, or pelvic fins.
a larva without limbs, feet, or pelvic fins.
without limbs, feet, or pelvic fins.
The protein component of an enzyme, to which the coenzyme attaches to form an active.
the development of an embryo without the occurrence of fertilization.
Name of a Greek god of light, music and prophecy.
Willing to say sorry or has regret.
An expression of regret.
To make excuse for or regretful acknowledgement of a fault or offence.
Meiosis that is either suppressed or imperfect.
reproduction by special generative tissues without fertilization.
Any derived character occurring at a branching point and carried through one descending group in a phyletic.
With separate petals, not united to other petals; choripetalous.
a natural swelling or enlargement
Sudden impairment of neurological function, especially that resulting from a cerebral hemorrhage; a stroke.
neurologic disorder caused due to sudden hemorrhage / extravasation of blood in any organ
With separate petals, not united to other petals; chorisepalous.
development of a gametophyte directly from a sporophyte without the occurrence of meiosis or spore formation
Which is based on observation (experience).
Christian missionaries chosen by Christ to spread the word of god.
South Indian dishes resembling pancakes made from rice.
An instrument for specific purpose.
instrument or a group of parts which works together for a specific purpose.
An appliance or device for a particular purpose
An equipment and a factory or its machinery.
A clothing that tends to cover the human body.
The covering, embellishment or adornment of a ship.
Which is clearly visible.
Readily seen; visible.
Something which is clear and easy to understand.
Apparent authority is a term used to describe the situation where a principal leads a third party to believe that an agent has the authority to bind the principal, even where the agent lacks the actual authority to bind the principal.
Cause or reason of something which is readily seen or visible; seeming cause.
Condition of some commodities which is readily seen or visible.
The act of easing or the condition of being eased which is readily seen or visible.
Something that can be readily seen or visible from the records.
Seems to or appears that.
Something which is readily seen or visible from the first look.
Something that can be readily seen or visible from the records.
An order which is plain, clear and evident.
A person who has plain, clear and evident ownership of property.
Success or failure which is readily seen or visible.
An exact replica of a legal document in words and figures which is evident, plain and clear.
A general meaning of a written legal document like cheque etc. which is clearly evident.
To make an earnest request.
Report the matter to higher court (authorities) against decision judgement.
To make an earnest request for relief, support, etc.
To apply for confirmation of a decision or a decision in a higher court.
To make an earnest or urgent request for help, support, etc.
To make or apply for an appeal, generally pertaining to an accusation.
To make an earnest request for relief, support, etc.
A resort to higher authority or court for hearing.
To make an earnest request for relief, support, etc.
A request for help, support or sympathy.
An intense for to attract somebody.
That can be appealed; an issue on which appeal can be made or filed.
A judgment against which an appeal can be made or files.
An order against which an appeal can be made or files.
To accept an earnest or urgent request for hearing in a higher court, or for help, support etc.
To move to a higher authority or court for hearing against a judgment.
To accept an earnest or urgent request for hearing in a higher court, or for help, support etc.
The specified period during which by statute an appeal can be made.
Appeal stemming out of a court case to recover a right or claim.
Order to reject an appeal.
A person who keeps records and correspondence related to appeals in a court.
To officially register an appeal for hearing in a higher court.
An appeal arising out of the outcome of an investigation.
The hearing of the appeal has been completed and verdict has been given.
Preference or priority has been given to appeal.
An earnest request for hearing in higher court for some non - criminal or civil legal matter.
An appeal is in conformity with the existing rules and laws or is legally valid.
To allow someone to make or file an appeal.
An appeal which can be made or which is possible.
Appeal on a point or points of law; or retrospection of an appeal.
Preference or priority has been given to appeal.
To make or file an appeal in a court.
The appeal, reference or its amendment will be heard till the court arrives at a verdict.
The official legal requests and applications for hearing.
The section of a court which exclusively deals with appeals.
Appeals inherent or implicit in the appellate orders.
Appeals inherent or implicit in the an order.
The appeal will be heard with the other side absent or unrepresented.
An appeal which can be made or which is possible.
A resort to higher authority for sanction, corroboration, etc.
An appeal in the highest civil court.
An appeal to a judge of session court.
To appeal to the government of an state.
To become visible.
To seem or look to be.
To come before the public or come into existence.
To present oneself formally before a court as defendant, plaintiff or counsel.
To come in sight.
To become visible.
An outward visible form of something.
The act of appearing.
The outward aspect; a semblance.
The act of appearing before a court.
To become visible.
Presence in real time.
An act of marking attendance or presence.
The form or outward aspect of a coin.
To present oneself formally before a board of interviewers in an interview.
To present oneself formally before a court through one 's counsel.
To appear before the court in person.
Seeming or looking to be.
Presented in a particular form.
Becoming visible or coming into existence.
Presenting oneself before a court as a witness.
Printed on the cover of something.
To present oneself personally before the court.
To come before the public.
To appear before public as a form of protest.
To pacify by granting concessions.
One who makes an appeal.
Having the power to hear court appeals and to review court decisions.
A designated post for making appeals.
The person in the Income tax office who assists the Commissioner of Income Tax in headquarter functions and has the power to hear appeals.
The officer in any department who has the power to hear court appeals and to review court decisions.
The collective of competent persons having the power to hear court appeals and to review court decisions.
The persons responsible for hearing appeals related to the dispute regarding customs.
The person responsible to hear appeals related to the disputes regarding estate duty.
The court that has the power to hear appeals and to review earlier court decisions.
The court that has the power to hear appeals and to review earlier court decisions.
The lower court with power to hear appeals and review earlier judgments.
The right and power to hear appeals in criminal cases.
Decision given by an appellate court, usually as a result of hearing an appeal.
Decision given by an appellate court, usually as a result of hearing an appeal.
Functions related to hearing appeals and reviewing court orders.
The right and power to hear appeals in legal cases.
The right of the Supreme Court to hear appeals from the High Court and review its decisions in certain cases.
The right of the Supreme Court to hear appeals from the High Court and review its decisions in civil cases.
The right of the Supreme Court to hear appeals from the High Court and review its decisions in criminal cases.
The court that has the power to hear appeals and to review earlier court decisions.
The right and power to hear appeals and review decisions in legal cases.
Powers relating to hearing of appeal.
The power to hear court appeals and to review court decisions.
A board of judicial officials empowered to hear appeals.
The court that has the power to hear appeals related to income tax disputes and to review earlier court decisions.
Giving a formal name.
One against whom an appeal is taken.
The person who institutes an appeal or prosecutes another for a crime.
To add at the end.
A 'DOS' command which allows programs to open data files in specific directories as if they were in the current directory.
Something that has been attached.
outgrowth of an organ or a part joined with a larger body part.
Affixed as an appendage.
Something affixed as an appendage to an Act.
Inflamation of the vermiform appendix.
Subsidiary matter at the end of the book or document.
a vestigial organ.
a fingerlike pouch attached to the large intestine
Belonging as a proper function or part.
Something related or belonging to landed property.
Having a feeling of great desire or craving for food.
Desire to eat food, felt as hunger.
Apple File Exchange (AFE) is an application which facilicates users to copy files and directories from one file system to another, tranform files from one file format to another, transliterate the characters in a file from one character set to another.
A fruit having red, yellow or green skin and a white crispy, juicy flesh.
Device or piece of equipment.
A durable good for a particular purpose.
An equipment usually requiring electricity for it operation.
Various instruments and devices.
A device or instrument designed to perform the task of copying and duplicating data.
A device or instrument designed to perform a specific function, especially an electrical device, like a toaster for domestic use.
A machine or device, especially an electrical one used domestically.
Effectiveness of something.
Sense of being applied.
A specification for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) communications between businesses using e - mail protocols.
A specification for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) between businesses using the Internet 's Web page protocol, the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).
Which can be applied.
Something that is capable to be applied.
Something that is relevant or suitable to.
one who applies.
A software application which has been designed to help an enterprise recruit employees more efficiently
A book that contains details of application and allotment.
A book where details of applications are recorded.
The act of applying for something by the person someone who makes a promise.
something that is used to apply externanlly, over the body surface.
The act of applying for approval of something, such as a project or policy.
A request in writing for leave.
A form of request where blank columns are to be filled.
A form of request where blank columns are to be filled.
An application made by a borrower permitting him not to make payment of the loan availed of till commencement of production.
An application generator is the software which generates application programs from descriptions of the problem instead of traditional programming.
The application integration is bringing one application program 's data or a function togather with of another application program.
A written or printed communication.
Amount required to be paid with application.
Application - oriented language belongs to specific set of problems.
Application program also known as Problem program.
Application proxy is the computer system or router which has the connection between sender and receiver.
Application security is the use of software, hardware, and procedural methods which defend applications from external hazards.
A technique developed for performing various application.
A microchip which has been designed for a special application, such as a particular kind of transmission protocol or a hand - held computer.
Applications program is a sequence of instructions that a computer can interpret and execute.
The practice of running software from a remote server instead of on the user 's computer.
Which is put to practical use.
The ability to put the learning outcomes that have been developed through a learning programme into practice in the relevant context. Qualified learners must be able to understand what they have learnt and also do something useful with it in a real - world context.
The use of statistical and mathematical methods in the evaluation and testing of economic theories.
That has a practical use of the related area of science of the production and distribution of wealth.
An interdisciplinary branch of engineering, which deals with Electronics and Instrumentation technology.
The branch of mathematics that is involved in the study of the physical or biological or sociological world.
An applied occurrence of an identifier in a block is called a "free variable" or "global variable" if there is no matching binding occurrence in the block.
It is a smaller ornament or device applied to another surface.
A decorative part applied to a material or surface.
A art of designs mainly using fabric.
An act of asking or making a request.
To put something into use.
An act of making something relevant.
An act of asking or demanding.
An act of making an application.
Assign a post or position.
A assign a position to somebody.
A day that has been fixed for something.
A person who has been appointed to inherit the property of another.
Person who has been appointed.
A body (person) who has right to appoint.
The act of appointing.
A mutual acceptance of a meeting by two or more individuals.
Letter of giving appointment.
A committee constituted of the ministries which looks after matters relating to specified appointments.
To divide proportionately.
To distribute the debt or pecuniary obligation in proportion.
An account detailing apportioning items.
The term denotes scrutinising or reviewing the progress, performance, records etc. to have an overall view.
Method of an evaluation about the performance of any individual based on the facts and often includes examples and evidences to support the information.
A process that bank follows before sanction of loan to ensure that the project is technically feasible and economically viable.
An act of finding out the value of something.
Price which is based on the assessment after valuation.
A person connected with the work of evaluating of worth of something.
Estimating worth or importance.
Something that is adequate or sufficient in quantity.
To be thankful or great full.
A favourable appreciation.
Favourable or grateful recognition.
A sensitive understanding.
An act of thanking or showing gratitude.
Increase in cost of making / producing something.
With the increased confidence of international investors and traders in currency the rate of exchange will increase and price of currency will be higher.
When value of stock shows increasing trend.
To take into custody.
An act of detaining somebody.
To arrest or take somebody into custody.
Uneasiness about what may happen.
The act of arresting.
Painful or fearful expectation.
The act of arresting.
Fearful and uneasy anticipation of a danger.
Arrest of someone who has been interned or confined.
A person who is associated with other person for learning a trade.
One who is learning a trade or occupation; a beginner.
A novice who works under somebody in order to gain experience.
A fixed sum of money paid to an apprentice.
Period during which one will work as apprentice.
The position of an apprentice; the period of probation for an apprentice.
The person who advises on the issues related to apprenticeship.
The body of persons which looks after the issues related to apprenticeship.
The document of contract stipulating the terms and conditions of apprenticeship.
An act of giving notice or information.
A way for reaching to a place.
To come nearer or make access.
Moving towards, or coming nearer; in space or time.
the idea of dealing with a problem or situation.
Means of access.
To come near to the people.
A way or means of reaching something; an access.
A road or any other means of access.
Somebody who can be approached.
The co - operative method of dealing with something.
Different methods of professional administration of business concerns.
A written document that suggests method of doing / handling the desired task.
A road by which traffic enters.
Approving something formally.
To accord consent formally or act of approbation.
An act of getting official approval.
An expression of warm approval: official approval.
Which is suitable or proper.
Which is suitable or proper.
Suitable for a particular person, condition, occasion, or place; fitting.
To take possession of or make use of something exclusively for oneself, often without permission.
Something that is suitable for a particular purpose.
An act of taking something for one 's self or for somebody else.
Action which is proper.
The right person who is authorised to decide in the matter.
The authority which is suitable or fitting for a particular purpose.
The suitable dissemination of printed material like magazines, newspaper, etc.
Denomination which is convenient.
The suitable part or component.
The suitable part of the capital gain or profit.
A government that is suitable or fitting.
A head (of account etc.) which reflects suitability of transaction.
The suitable chief or leader.
Something that is suitable and in an appropriate manner.
The suitable or fitting course of legal action.
The suitable or fitting part in relation to the whole.
The suitable redress awarded by a court.
The suitable form of government.
An action or activity which is suitable or fitting for a particular purpose.
A technology which is suitable.
Something suitable for someone 's character.
Something suitable or fitting according to the terms and conditions of a contract.
Act of according consent.
The act or an instance of approving; an official approbation.
The act of seeking approbation for the first time.
Approbation by the President.
Subject to approval of approbation.
The act or an instance of approving or granting permission; an official approbation.
Reaction / reply to the approval granted.
Amounts which have been sanctioned.
To sanction or confirm.
To consent to something officially or formally; to consider right or good.
To give once consent or to agree to something.
An act of liking something.
Which has been sanctioned.
A contractor whose name has been approved.
A contractor who has been approved by the appropriate authority.
The courses of study or curriculum that has been approved by the appropriate authority.
Currency which has received approval for making or receiving payments.
A sum of money given as gift which is approved by the appropriate authority.
The overall maximum amount that has been approved.
List for which consent has been given.
A scheme of management that has been approved by the appropriate authority.
Services which have been confirmed (approved).
A service, work or duty which has been approved by the appropriate authority.
The degree or level of something that has been approved by the appropriate authority.
A fund created for making pension etc. benefits to the retirees.
The fund for contributory pension scheme that has been approved by the appropriate authority.
An act of having a positive opinion about something or someone.
Person who after confessing offence turns State 's evidence.
One who approves; one who confesses a crime and accuses another.
The evidence provided by the one who confesses a crime and accuses another.
An act of being favorable to something.
A legal order which approves something.
An abbreviation for approximately.
Almost exact or correct; very similar or closely resembling.
A value that is nearly correct.
Fairly correct or near to the actual.
Close to; around; roughly or in the region of.
Something that is close to being perfect.
Rate which is not actual but a rough estimate.
The account of stock which is close to the actual.
Almost exact or correct stock account.
A gross trading account close to approximation.
Almost exact or correct trading account.
approximate, imprecise, incomplete calculation, or the act of bringing together. eg cut ends of a cloth.
An algorithm used to find approximate solutions to optimization problems.
A method for estimating a human spine posture from human images using a human spine model that is possible to compute the rough approximation of the physical forces working on vertebral bodies.
It is concerned with how functions can best be approximated with simpler functions, and with quantitatively characterizing the errors introduced thereby.
Relating; belonging or accessory.
Related to; belonging to.
A yellowish pink fruit.
The fourth month of the calendar year.
A jokes day to make others a fool. A new "MentalPlex" search technology by google to read the user 's mind which always led to a page full of April Fool' s results.
The fourth and fifth month of the calendar year respectively.
A garment worn around the waist or a shirt like garment which is worn to protect your clotheing.
Something that fits right or occurs at appropriate time.
With reference to something.
Something that is suitable for a particular purpose or occasion.
Having no wings or winglike extensions
A subclass of the Insecta characterized by being primitively.
Natural Inclination.
Something that is done in a suitable way.
An aqueous solution.
A solution such as water.
An artificial channel.
Animals that survive in water.
A plane board that is towed to a motorboat, used to carry a person on it.
is a vivarium consisting of at least one transparent side in which water - dwelling plants or animals are kept.
A tank made of glass which houses aquatic plants and animals.
The person who looks after the aquarium or the place where fishes are kept.
Of or relating to water.
living in or near water or taking place in water.
Something that is related to water.
Something that is done with or in water.
roots that develop on stems above the normal position occupied by roots, in response to prolonged inundation with water.
Watery or containing water
A person who is born in Arabia.
A peninsula lying between the Persian gulf and the red sea an located in south west Asia.
Something that is related to Arabia.
A part of the Indian ocean which lies between India and arabia.
Something that belongs to Arabs.
Figures which have origin from Arabic 's.
Grilled meatballs of minced lamb cooked with herbs on a stick.
The conflict between arab and Israel in the year 1948.
Land that is fit for cultivation.
a species in the legume family (Fabaceae) native to South America, Mexico and Central America.
Name of a place in kohima.
Pertaining to a caudal ala that completely surrounds the cloacal area in fluid - filled sac.
A name of a beach in north Goa.
A temple of goddess durga in the state of Bihar.
A name of a native American tribes who once inhibited Colorado plains.
A name of a town and municipality of a district in Bihar.
A name of a river which originates in north Columbia and flowing towards the Orinoco river in central Venezuela.
A group of south American people who once lived in Araucania.
South American indians who inhibit the western slopes of andes, chile.
A place in Ratnagiri, Maharashtra, India
Name of a golf course in the city of Faridabad in Haryana.
A range of peaks running from south west to north eastern India.
A chain of peaks which is majorly found in Rajasthan, India.
A name of a mountainous range running along the western part of India and later into east Pakistan.
A range of mountains running along the western India.
A range of mountains found in north western India.
A member of Indian people nowadays confined to north east part of south America.
A group of Indigenous people inhabiting in West Indies.
Decided without any reason.
An obvious access.  It is possible that the flaw of bypass authentication settings in Microsoft Windows may allow a remote attacker to arbitrary access the ADMIN $share without a password, resulting in a loss of confidentiality and / or integrity.
A computer having arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair.
Transaction that take place with a view to make profit due to rates differing between one centre and another.
The purchase of securities on one market for immediate sale in another market in order to profit from a price discrepancy.
The officer who is entitled with the responsibility of arbitration.
Something awarded as a result of arbitration.
A court which is entitled with the responsibility of arbitration.
To choose something in a random manner.
Determined by chance, whim or impulse and not by necessity, reason, or principle.
Unlimited power allowing someone to take arbitrary decision.
The price which is fixed on random choice or based on uninformed opinion.
Which is decided through the process of arbitration.
The intervene in a dispute between two parties as per agreement or direction of law.
Means to decide a matter between two opposing parties.
The rate of exchange which has been decided as a result of arbitrate.
Settlement of a dispute by an arbitrator.
Verdict of arbitrator.
The act of deciding as the arbiter; giving an authoritative judgment.
Means to hear and settle the differences between the two opposing parties.
It is a form of alternative dispute resolution a settlement technique in which a third party reviews the case and imposes a decision that is legally binding for both sides.
The contract which stipulates the details related to the agreed arbitration.
Something awarded as a result of arbitration.
A tribunal constituted for arbitration.
Person appointed to settle a dispute.
The person who is entitled with the responsibility of arbitering or arbitration.
The person entitled with the responsibility of looking after the planting and care of woody plants, especially trees.
The person who practices arboriculture.
A white nerve tissue in cerebellum; that has tree like outline in median section.
A class of viruses transmitted to humans by arthropods such as mosquitoes and ticks.
curved path.
Anything that has a curved shape.
A passageway with arches on one or both sides.
A passage having arches and their supporting column or a arched roof.
An interfacial cells that connect the hypodermal epithelium of the lips to pharyngeal epithelium
A passage having arches on either sides.
a dense cuticular cheilostomal strut in each lip
curved structure spaning a opening.
a structure that spans a space while supporting weight
A structure constructed in a curved shape.
A curved structure which is high at the centre with the two points ending downwards.
related to archaeology.
related to archaeology.
A study that is pertaining to archaeology.
A organization of people who studies the culture and life relating to ancient people.
An act of removing earth in order to explore ancient materials.
A process of digging earth in order to explore ancient materials.
Something that is related to archaeology.
The place devoted to the acquisition, conservation, show and study of the archaeological remains.
The officer entitled with the responsibility of looking after the acquisition, conservation and study of archaeological remains.
The remains of human past, other than written sources, which help in the reconstruction of the past.
The places which contain remains that have archaeological importance.
The places and remains that have archaeological importance.
To consider something as ancient or prehistoric.
The government body constituted to look after the discovery, acquisition, conservation, show and study of archaeological remains.
A person expert in archaeology.
A person who studies prehistoric people and their lifestyles..
The science dedicated to the study of remains of human past for the reconstruction of past.
A study of mans culture by exploring and researching the remains of their culture.
Something that is ancient or very old.
A bishop of having a highest rank.
some of the most unusual and intriguing of all organisms.
Something that is in the form of an arch.
A multicellular, often flask - shaped, egg - producing organ.
The central cavity of the gastrula, which ultimately becomes the intestinal or digestive cavity.
Something that is related to archaeology.
Something that is related to archaeology.
A person who uses bow and arrow.
A sport which is played with bows and arrows.
A curved masonry construction such as an opening.
A primitive cell or group of cells from which a mother cell develops.
A curved masonry opening which is furnished with rare slender towers.
the original pattern or model from which all things of the same kind are copied or on which they are based
A group of islands close to each other.
The islands of Galapagos, Ecuador.
Who prepared designs for buildings etc.
Who prepared designs for buildings etc.
A person who is a creator of something.
A person who designs something such as buildings etc.
Related to architecture or architectural design.
Something pertaining to architecture.
A person appointed to assist the main architect.
A design that is unique and awesome.
Something that is related to architecture.
A particular kind of a unique design
An architectural work which has artistic value.
Art of designing and constructing buildings.
Art of designing and constructing buildings.
That reflects the art of designing and constructing a building.
The science of designing and constructing buildings.
An art of designing buildings.
A method of designing something unique, Work that is being done using manual skills respectively.
A particular style of a building.
An extensive collection of records.
A place for preserving and keeping old historical records.
Collection of documents and records of a particular business.
A person in charge of archives, their collection and cataloguing.
An entrance which has a covering arch.
Wooden graduacted arc and very simpe apparatus for recording growth of a plant
A name of a city from the state of Tamil Nadu, along the palar river.
forming an arch
Having the form of a bow; curved.
An enthusiastic approach.
A strong feeling.
Something that is exactly half of anything.
Either of the two parts which are approximately equal.
A name of god who is half woman and half man.
Something in a hard or laborious manner.
Demanding great effort or labour; difficult.
Something that is very hard or laborious.
Duties which are strenueries.
A plural form of present tense.
Present tense of a verb be.
The total land space.
A specific portion / part or region.
A particular extent of space.
Such a method of implementing some scheme where focus is on development of an assinged area.
One who chases within a particular area.
An area of a portion of a graphics or video or any picture.
Area code or Numbering Plan Areas (NPAs) usually indicate geographical areas within one country that are covered by perhaps hundreds of telephone exchanges, although the correlation to geographical area is becoming obsolete.
A person who commands or is a commanding officer in a particular area.
The area density of a two - dimensional object is calculated as the mass per unit area. In computer science it is the quantity of information bits that can be stored on a given length of track, area of surface, or in a given volume of a computer storage medium.
Development of a particular area.
Area Fill calculates the area of digitized elements inside of a user specified window.
Area filling normally used in Painting,  is a defined area with a specific color or pattern. If the area is defined by a set of boundary pixels, there are specific algorithms for area filling starting from a seed pixel inside the boundary.
It displays graphically quantitive data which is based on the line chart. The area between axis and line are commonly emphasized with colors, textures and hatchings.
An area included within the political boundaries of India.
The engineer who is in charge of installation of some equipment in a particular area.
The area designated for the operation.
Such a defined area where an institution (bank branch etc.) is authorised to carry on its operations.
The area designated as the target of supply of something.
An area designated for sailing of vessels.
When an area is selected for some special purpose based on some criteria as a model / specimen.
Area search are geographical areas used in the selection of Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
The designated area which receives the services of the Stock Exchange.
Which is related to a definite area.
A person who has the authority to supervise or direct in a particular area.
A person who has the authority to supervise in a particular area.
Relocation of some specific devices like equipments, documents, data field, file contents and many more.
A cross sectional area of the device to vary in response to the flow, causing some measurable effect that indicates the rate.
To occur.
A tall slender palm tree found in south east asia.
To contain or process something.
small circular area surrounding a central portion.
A skin that surrounds the nipple and contains the areolar glands and the nipple.
any circular area such as the colored skin surrounding the nipple.
Something that is about to happen.
A query asked by a person to have a talk over the net.
A state in south America.
An individual from Argentina.
A armed force controlled by the President and the Minister of Defense in Spanish.
A policy that agrees the United Nations Charter maintaining its friendly relation with the different member states.
Something that is related to Argentina.
Something that can be supported by argument.
An act of giving reasons about something.
Making statement in favour or against.
A kind of Logical Fallacies, an important component to critical thinking. One aspect of particular significance is logical correctness.
A matter which involves a debate or reasoning.
A format wherein we can enter a function 's arguments as a list. If the list has more than one argument,  arguments are separated in the list with commas.
An array - like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function.
A reason or an account of something.
To pass an argument to a procedure by value or by reference by specifying the ByVal or ByRef keywords, respectively in Visual Basic.
A comma or other punctuation mark that separates successive arguments in a command.
A name of a female individual.
A type of sea sport famous in Chile.
Something that has no moisture in it.
Something that is in a dry manner.
An area with scanty rainfall having negligible vegetation.
Something that is proper or correct.
usually brightly colored cover of a seed, arising from the hilum or funiculus.
A Platform which provides integrated software products that help enterprises to continuously improve their business processes.
To come into being.
To come into being; originate.
An act of getting up from a sleeping or sitting state.
To originate or come out from something.
An act of emerging out.
An act of waking up from sleep.
To come into being or originate from land.
A conflict or disagreement comes into being or originates.
If a question or controversy comes into being or originates.
Something coming into being or originating from unforeseen but unavoidable events or conditions.
The income which originates from the rent or sale of property.
Something coming into being in the process of or as a result of something.
Something originating or coming into effect out of an agreement.
Something which originates as a result of a guarantee.
Something coming into existence as a result of enactment of something.
Coming into being or originating as a result of something.
Coming into being or originating as a result of some action or proceedings.
Coming into being or originating as a result of confidence.
Coming into being or originating as a result of implementation of a particular act.
Coming into being or originating as a result of implementation of a particular act.
A bristlelike part or appendage
Qualities or behaviour associated with aristocracy.
A person of a ruling class.
Brand logos in vector format. Also a book on Vector Mechanics, Statics and Dynamics, for Engineers.
It is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic and logical operations.
The act or process of doing arithmetical calculating.
Mistake relating to arithmetic.
Fault in the calculation of the sum to be paid as tax.
Something that is related to arithmetic.
Fault in the calculation.
Fault in calculation or some clerical function.
An assignment entrusted to computer to solve the equation. These actions are accomplished with the assignment statement and arithmetic operations.
Calculations according to arithmetic.
The verification of an arithmetical operation or series of operations by another such process.
Arithmetic coding refers to that method which is used for lossless data compression, it creates a model of the entire data set and ascertains possibilities of the occurrences of symbols and patterns or sequences of symbols those could then be expressed in the form of a single number.
An arithmetic constant expression has an arithmetic type and contains only operands that are integer constants, floating constants, enumeration constants, character constants, or sizeof expressions.
The conversions which depend on the specific operator and the type of the operand or operands.
A string which is converted to arithmetic encoding, frequently used characters will be stored with fewer bits and not - so - frequently occurring characters will be stored with more bits, resulting in fewer bits used in total.
The exception that is thrown for errors in an arithmetic, casting, or conversion operation.
An expression that represents a numeric value. In other words it is one which is evaluated by performing a sequence of arithmetic operations to obtain a numeric value, which replaces the expression.
It is a real data type for a number that has a fixed number of digits after (and sometimes also before) the radix point (e. g., after the decimal point '.' in English decimal notation).
In mathematical logic, the arithmetical hierarchy,  or Kleene hierarchy classifies certain sets based on the complexity of formulas that define them.
A three - way arithmetic conditional statement, starting from the very early version (1957) of Fortran, and including FORTRAN IV, FORTRAN 66 and FORTRAN 77.
Logical aspect of Airthmetic used in digital electronics and circuits.
It refers to the simpler properties when using the traditional operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division with smaller values of numbers.
Arithmetic operators are used to perform many of the familiar arithmetic operations which involve the calculation of numeric values represented by literals, variables, other expressions, function and property calls, and constants.
The condition that occurs when a calculation produces a result that is greater in magnitude than that which a given register or storage location can store or represent.
It is the implementation of standard arithmetic operations, like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, on images. It has many uses in image processing both as a preliminary step in more complex operations and by itself.
It refers to the sequence in which formulas are evaluated.
A simple and primary componants of logical aspect of Arithmetic suiting to the comprehension of beginners.
It is a specific memory location which is reserved for intermediate results of arithmetic operations.
A system of relations in arithmetic for integers.
It is a procedure to examine arithmetic expressions and to determine the order of execution of operators, in the process of machine executable code compilation of a program written in a higher - level language.
It is a bitwise operation which shifts all of the bits of its operand wherein every bit in the operand is moved to a particular bit positions and the vacant bit - positions are filled.
An act of shifting a number in a fixed radix numeration system and in a fixed - point representation system wherein only the characters representing the fixed - point part of the number are moved.
Some operations which may use COMPUTE statement combining symbolically in a formula.
The vacabularies, words, numbers and formulas used in Math Skill Builders.
It is a situation that may occur in a computer program wherein in the target datatype the true result of a floating point operation is smaller in magnitude than the smallest value representable as a normal floating point number.
A name of a state in south west United States.
A name of a Sikh guru.
Wife of a mughal emperor Shah Jahan
Another name of Mumtaz Mahal.
One of the hero of the epic Mahabharata.
A enclosing structure in a temple.
A name of a river flowing from Colorado to Mississippi.
A name of a temple belonging to Lord Surya.
A name of a large river in Karnataka originating at Nandi hill..
the part from shoulder to elbow.
An upper limb of the body connecting the hand and wrist to the shoulder.
A weapon.
A group or Fleet of war ships.
The weapons and supplies of war with which a military is equipped.
The government department which is in charge of armaments.
The office which looks after the matters related to armaments.
The practice of using the armaments properly.
The device used for winding up a spring driven armature.
Carrying weapons.
A conflict in which arms are used.
Police force armed with weapons.
Forces armed with weapons.
Millitary, air and naval force of a nation.
Name of a set of rules related to the services of the stenographers in the Armed Forces Headquarters.
The section of the armed forces which treats and takes care of the wounded.
The medical services provided within the Armed forces by a corps.
The canteen or eating place of the officers of the armed forces.
The part of armed forces under the command of someone.
Persons equipped with arm deployed to watch over.
The part of the guards which is armed.
A conflict in which arms are used.
An armed rebellion against the state.
The armed soldiers who have become rebels.
The part of the Police force that is armed.
The rebels who are armed.
Resistance against some act involving the use of arms.
Rioters who are armed.
An army vessel which is armed
Someone armed with very dangerous or fatal weapons.
Something that is related to place Armenia.
A group of military units or soldiers.
An agreement to stop war for a short time.
A band worn on the arm for ornament or identification.
ARMM was introduced in view of automatically cancelling the posts from anonymous - posting sites.
A protective outer covering.
A place where arms or armour is being made or stored.
Something that is used as a defensive cover.
A person employed in the maintenance of small arms and weapons in a military unit.
A secure place for the storage of weapons.
A place where arms or weapons are stored.
The person who is in charge of the armoury.
The guard posted at the armoury to stop unauthorized persons from entering it.
Weapons used for war / security.
A device used to attack against the opponent.
The clerk in the military to look after the records and documents related to arms.
To surrender or to stop fighting.
Weapons of a certain type or category.
Somebody who is been provided with weapons.
Part of military force trained to fight on land.
A large body of people organized and trained for land warfare.
A large number of people trained to serve the country in times of war and peace.
The chief commissioned officer of a military unit regardless of his or her rank.
An official list of all serving commissioned officers of the army, navy or air force and reserve officers liable for recall.
The officers in the army who are kept for future use or for a special purpose.
A pad - like structure at the apex of the last tarsal segment
pleasant odour, function of olfactory system.
Something with a quality of odour or fragrance.
Something that has a fragrance arising from spices, plants etc.
To have a characteristic of pleasant smell.
Something that is related to aroma or which has a very sweet smell.
To arise from something.
Something that is on all the sides.
Something that is approximate or is tangible and is very close to it.
Something that is placed here and there or throughout.
A strong reaction or an emotion of a person.
To wake up from something.
Something that is placed successively or in order.
A computer networking protocol to determine a network host 's link layer or hardware address when only its Internet Layer or Network Layer address is known.
ARPANET or Advanced Research Projects Agency Network, was the world 's first operational packet switching network, and one of the networks that came to compose the global Internet.
A name of a city in Bhojpur district of Bihar.
To call an accused person before a court to answer the charge made against him or her.
To accuse somebody and bring him before the court.
A legal document calling the accused person to answer the charge made against him or her.
To plan or prepare for; to bring about an agreement.
To put into a specific order or relation; dispose.
To make plans or preparations for something in advance; manage.
An act of placing something in a particular order.
Put in the order of merit or quality or worth.
To get prepared or plan for something.
The act of organising.
Act of making preparations.
The act or process of arranging; The condition, manner, or result of being arranged.
A combination of things as desired to form a particular design.
To keep files in organised manner.
An agreement or settlement.
An agreement reached with those who have lent.
An act of sorting something in a correct or desired order.
An act of getting dressed up especially with ornamental garments.
A message which comes during boot as Array accelerator write cache disabled which can be reenabled when batteries reach full.
A variable used as an index into an array to ensure that its value lies within the bounds of the array.
A Routing Protocol used in load - balancing HTTP requests across multiple proxy cache servers.
It is part of the standard namespace (std::) which allows to easily create a dynamic array of elements.
It is an add - in which finds significant gene expression level and alternative splicing differences between biological states.
A reference of array with name.
A data structure which consists collection of elements identified each by one or more integer indices, stored in such a way that the address of each element can be computed from its index tuple by a simple mathematical formula.
Printing of an arrays using loops like "for".
That is which is behind payment, or which remains unpaid, though due.
Bill for the amount which has not been in time.
A claim in respect of the amount that has not been paid.
Asking for the amount which is already due but not paid.
Report in respect of unfinished work.
The report related to the estimation, payment and other details related to arrears.
Debts which are overdue.
The due unpaid part of the interest.
The due unpaid part of the land revenue.
The due unpaid part of rent.
The due unpaid part of the revenue.
The due unpaid part of the salary.
The due unpaid part of the tax.
Statement which has not been sent in time.
The statement related to the amount and other details of arrear.
stop, as in function or disease
Cessation of function.
The action of arresting someone; a sudden cessation of motion.
To seize someone by legal authority and take them into custody.
To take somebody into legal custody.
An act of taking somebody in custody for breaking law.
sudden stopping of cardiac (heart) function.
The state of being seized and taken into custody by legal authority.
A point to stop or check.
To seize a ship or boat by legal authority and take it into custody.
To arrest someone in accordance with the civil law of the land.
To arrest someone without legal sanction by a legal authority.
by males having two testes, instead of one.
Production of only male offspring by a parthenogenetic female.
Act of arriving.
An act of coming.
A notice containing details of reaching the destination.
The reaching of a means of transport to a particular destination.
Act of arriving (persons or thing).
The act of arriving / the person or things that has arrived.
To come at a particular point or location.
To reach at a particular spot.
The failure to agree on an issue by two parties; the failure to resolve a dispute by reaching an understanding.
Who shown rudeness by behaviour.
Asserting aggressively thinking oneself more important.
Asserting false self importance.
Who shown rudeness in behaviour.
Somebody who is rude and proud.
An act of assuming something to oneself without proper justification.
The art of claiming that you have particular right wihtout having the legal right to it.
A wrong claim made by someone.
A straight and slender missile pointed at one end.
Building / place where weapons are stored.
A store of weapons and ammunitions.
The act of setting fire to property maliciously.
The criminal act of deliberately setting fire to property.
A skill.
The expression of application of creative skills and imagination, especially through a visual medium such as painting or sculpture.
A quality that is significant.
The arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.
Art is a creation of an objects using ones skills and imagination and culture are the beliefs of a particular society.
A special skill or ability.
The skills, customs and traditions of people confined to a particular place.
An association of craftsmen, peasants etc. in soviet union.
The name of an ancient Greek goddess, sister of God Apollo.
of or relating to artery
The main access or route.
Make - up of the blood before any of its contents are used by the body tissues.
the resting tension in the artery, ie the resistance provided by it to passive elongation.
An imaging test that uses x - rays and a special dye to see inside the arteries.
radiograph of an artery after injection of a contrast medium in the blood.
Of or relating to arterioles.
a minute thin walled artery which ends into capilaries.
A coronary artery disease.
Thickening of the walls arteries, loss of elasticity in the wall of arteries.
Connecting an artery to a vein.
blood vessel which carries oxygenated blood from heart to various parts of body. (exception pulomary artery)
A blood vessel running from the heart to other body parts.
artery that supplies the heart.
A person with senior managerial powers in an institution dedicated to art.
Something that is formed cunningly.
A place where art work is being displayed.
pain in the joint.
the condition in which the joints are inflammed and painful
A separate clause in an Act / document etc.
A particular thing or item.
A piece of writing on some subject appearing in a newspaper or magazine.
A particular object.
A particular object.
A separate clause or paragraph of a legal document.
A piece of writing included with others in a newspaper of magazine.
A written description or composition.
A trainee solicitor.
An article or thing which has been finalized in terms of form and content by the creator.
An object related to clothing or dressing.
An object related to trade or buying and selling.
An object meant for eating or drinking.
An object meant for eating or drinking.
An object having a considerable value,
A particular object.
Rules which are meant for internal governance.
An item or any object which is being kept for sale.
A collection of articles on a variety of subjects enabling users to go on specific articles.
The objects on whose import, export, manufacture or sale, a payment is levied according to their value.
The objects that are free from any kind or tax or levy.
The term and condition that set out the rules governing the agreement.
The document that sets set the internal rule governing a company.
The document that sets set the internal rule governing a company.
A separate clause or paragraph of a legal document related to the formation and functioning of association.
Separate clauses in a legal document related to accusations.
A period of training with a firm as a solicitor, architect, surveyor or accountant.
Clauses or paragraphs in a legal document related to convention.
Goods meant for sale.
Clauses or paragraphs in a legal document related to partnership.
The rules and regulations of war.
An act of pronouncing each and every word properly.
A vehicle which is connected to another by joints.
An act of expressing one mind clearly.
Juncture or a joining of bones of skeleton.
coherent and fluent speech.
a node in a stem, or the space between two nodes.
A speech that is very much clear.
An architectural composition wherein elements and parts of the building are expressed logically, distinctly, and consistently, with clear joints.
It is an act or manner of a speech sound especially a consonant.
Something that was being made and used by primitive people.
An object that is being crafted by human.
A method of magnetic susceptibility artifacts from metallic implants, finally, linked to an artifact reconstruction model to simulate the images.
A by - product produced during the development of software which helps to describe the function, architecture, and design of software.
An artificial systems capable of performing cognitive tasks.
An skilled artisan.
A skilled or artistic worker or craftsman.
A skilled mechanic in the armed forces.
Not being natural.
Made as a copy something natural; contrived or affected.
Something that is being made by human.
A navigable passage in a stretch of water which is not natural but manmade.
The ordering of organisms into groups on the basis of non - evolutionary features.
The state of being dear or high - priced which is not natural but man made.
A manmade, unnatural thread or filament from which a plant or animal tissue, mineral substance or textile is formed.
Food that contains chemical nutritions and protins created in labs.
Manual way to deposit a sperm sample directly into the uterus.
Something (including an organisation) recognised as legal person in law which can sue and can be sued.
A substitute juridical person.
A lake that is being prepared by human in order to store water.
A limb manufactured with man made material to replace natural limb.
Something done or made in a way which is not natural but a copy of natural.
Something that is being unnaturally formed by human skills.
A pressure that is not natural but created by humans.
Artificial system of breathing
an isolated meristematic tissue which has potential to develop into a plantlet
the process of changing the characteristics of animals / plants by artificial means.
Fabrics or cloth made of artificial silk.
A body of running water which is not natural but man - made.
A pretended type of transaction which is not genuine.
A branch of armed forces equipped with caliber guns.
A branch of the armed forces trained to use artillery.
Large caliber guns used in warfare on land.
Practicing the use of artillery.
A craftsman who is skilled in doing work by hand.
A skilled worker who makes things by hand.
An artist skilled in trade or crafts.
An individual who is skilled in a particular art.
A group of skilled individuals who come together to accomplish a common goal.
A person who paints or draws as a profession or hobby; a person who practices or performs any of the creative arts.
A person who creates something in the field of arts.
A person who is skilled in the field of acting, dancing, singing or any other public activity.
Somebody who has characteristic of art.
The artistic, beauty - related, historical, architectural, archaeological or anthropological significance of something.
Something that is been done using excellent skill and taste.
The distinctive artistic nature of something.
Skill in carrying out one 's artistic work.
The artistic significance of something.
An activity of teaching all age groups art and design.
A work or creation of art or artistic skill.
An individual who possesses excellent creative ability.
A person who is devoted towards a particular task or activity.
A person who is skilled enough to create something.
A natural ability to perform a a skill or task creatively.
Something that is being done in an unskilled manner.
A work of art or a thing having artistic value.
The way or process of producing a work of art.
Products which are being purely formed out of human skill.
Creation of artistic things with hands.
A product that is being formed by using mere human skills.
Storage of applications pertaining to arts and design, usually like a vedeo collection.
A method of creating or extracting designs. In a pattern generation method, properties of designs are extracted in a mask data preparation system, and the properties are propagated to a lithography write system.
Products which are being artistically crafted.
Somebody who shows love towards artistic items.
A name of a male individual.
A land of rising sun.
A name of a north eastern state of India.
A name of a city in Tamil nadu.
A name of a small river in Rajasthan.
A noble person or human being.
A group of people who spoke indo - european.
In the same manner or way that.
In the role, capacity, or function; In a manner similar to; the same as
In the role, capacity, or function; In a manner similar to; the same as
A form similar to something.
Same as or equal to.
Something that is mentioned on top.
An ability to climb something.
A festival of lord Shiva characterized by three days of music, singing and dancing.
In accordance with what has been said earlier.
That which has been said earlier or in the same manner as has been mentioned earlier.
As opposed to; as compared with; as far as.
Something in front of or comparison to.
As opposed to or as compared to any person.
As opposed to or as compared to those who have extended credit.
Recourse which is final in a series of attempts
To consider or give attention towards something.
From the point of view of law; according to the law.
The way amendment has been done.
It means a teacher or guru.
A name of a bird sanctuary and a wetland formed by the merger of two rivers asan and Yamuna in Dehradun.
Whenever needed; in the manner of and at the time of.
Used to say that something may happen somewhere in the future.
A component of something.
A name of a city in north western part of west Bengal.
An integral portion of something.
On account of something that has happened.
Because of something that has already occurred.
The same as or in the form of the remainder of the payment of land revenue.
In the capacity of or the role of the auditor.
Something that took place in the past.
Industry that produces asbestos cement sheets.
Something best suited for the purpose of the common welfare of the people.
As far as the affairs between him and them are concerned.
As far as the affairs between him and his mortgagee is concerned.
the way or the manner of the affairs between the third parties.
A common roundworm that is parasitic in the intestines of humans.
Any of a group of glycolipids, containing the sugar ascarylose, found in some nematode worms
a core sugar present in the lipopolysaccharides of gram - negative bacteria.
Moving upwards.
An act of moving up or on top.
To move towards something.
Forefathers who lived long time ago.
An ancestor who is in the direct ascendant of someone.
Which goes up.
moving upwards or in incomming direction or rising.
rising or increasing to higher levels, values, or degrees
The degree which is moving upwards or progressing forward.
In the direct increasing line, order or lineage.
Which moves from small to bigger.
An Insurance policy in which rate of premium (amount) goes up at a determined time.
It is an arrangement of records or data into a sequence running from the lowest to the highest in a specified field.
upward movement; a rising movement; movement upward from a lower to a higher state.
To move upwards.
Plant sap and tree sap originate in the roots and then climb to nourish the leaves.
To find out a definite fact.
To get settled with regard towards something.
An act of conforming something.
To discover or to find out something through investigation.
Something which can be made certain, precise and definite.
something that can not be made certain, precise and definite at the time of export.
Something which has been made certain, precise and definite.
Something which is made certain, precise and definite by way of taxation.
The goods that have been ascertained.
An amount of money that has been made certain, precise and definite.
The act of making something certain, precise and definite.
The act of making something certain, precise and definite.
The act of making costs of something certain, precise and definite.
The act of making price of something certain, precise and definite.
To make certain the preciseness of the something.
An order wherein data is sorted in ASCII collated order instead of alphabetical order.
American Standard Code for Information Interchange control character is the first 32 codes (numbers 031 decimal) to control devices that make use of ASCII, or to provide meta - information about data streams such as those stored on magnetic tape.
To transfer specific file types in ASCII mode. In fact FTP is a standard network protocol used to copy a file from one host to another over a TCP / IP - based network, like Internet.
A normal True Type Font wich shows all ASCII characters properly.
A keyboard of ASCII mode mainly used in a studio environment.
It is a sort order determined by the numbering of characters in the American Standard.
It is an act of transmitting ASCII data instead of program files, images and other non - textual data.
Tissues between abdomen and surrounding organs are filled with fluid.
To provide one 's services as the common members of the jury.
Process of examining two or more objects, ideas etc.
To examine something in order to find the similarities or differences.
A class of fungi in the subdivision Eumycetes, distinguished by the ascus.
A sexually produced fungal spore formed within an ascus.
To give credit to someone for a specific cause..
The attribution of a text, quotation, or work of art to a particular person or period.
sexual spore - bearing cell produced in ascomycete fungi.
Something that is being wished for.
Something that is being wanted.
determined the same as.
To do something as soon as one can.
Effective as far as possible; maximum possible effective.
A sign or name written on something such as a document.
The state of being free of pathogenic microorganisms.
Prevention of microbial contamination of itself, that may cause infection.
Something which is equal in value.
The way in which something has been seen or witnessed.
to be done as swiftly as possible or with maximum possible swiftness.
Having no evident sex or sex organs
having no apparent sexual organs, no sex or gender
Lack in the interest of having sex.
primary form of reproduction for single - celled organisms such as the archaea, bacteria, and protists.
A way of referring to something with regard to something else.
the extent to which something is possible.
The extent to which something can be practiced or implemented.
the extent to which something is possible.
A way of saying an action occurred to a feasible extent.
The extent to which something can be practiced or implemented.
The extent to which something can be practiced or implemented.
A way of comparing a place as being at such a distance of another place.
As given, written or subsequence after.
A way of introducing a list of items.
The same as from the pre decided day.
The same as from the said day.
powdery material left after burning any substance.
the remains of body after cremation
Grayish color matter left after burning.
Sense of inferiority because of something bad had happened.
the same as the directions given after a certain point.
the same as the rules or regulations stipulated after a certain point.
Matter that remains after burning something.
Whatever he thinks appropriate for a particular purpose.
Name usually kept for male individual.
Indian greatest emperor belonging to Maurya Dynasty.
33 inscriptions made by the Emperor Ashoka of Mauryan dynasty on the Pillars of Ashoka, as well as boulders and on the walls of the cave.
Columns that are erected during the reign of Ashoka, the emperor of Mauryan dynasty.
A series of columns erected in the northern Indian subcontinents by the Mauryan king Ashoka.
A city located in the northern part of Madhya Pradesh.
A name given to a roadway.
An act of moving from land to water.
An ancient term for gold coins.
A place where guru resides and is used for religious purpose.
A city located in the district of Thrissur in the state of Kerala.
A large water body located in the district of Kollam in the state of Kerala.
A type of yoga that is described in the Yoga Sutras by Patanjali.
A container made up of glass, heat - resistant plastic, pottery, or metal used by the smokers to put ash.
Name of a beach located in the north part of Goa.
A largest continent in the world located in the eastern and northern hemispheres which is bounded by Europe and the Arctic, Pacific, and Indian oceans.
An area of land that is located between the Black and Mediterranean seas, including most of Asiatic Turkey.
Pertaining to Asia.
Something that is pertaining to Asia.
A person who inhabits or lives in Asia.
The unmixed asiatic hereditary derivation or lineage.
An organization of group of people formed by Sir William Jones in Kolkata.
To move something away from its previous position.
An exclamation expression to express disbelief.
in the way as one would expect something to be implemented in some act
An alternative way of introducing an example.
occasional or casual with regard to something more important.
Considered in effect for a said or particular period of time.
A way of saying that something was presented in something else such as a book.
A name of a fort located in Satpura range of Madhya Pradesh.
The way in which something has been mentioned in some document.
That actually exists in a particular condition at a particular place.
Whatever is the situation or condition; irrespective of the condition.
Whatever someone thinks appropriate for a particular purpose.
To question somebody.
An act of making an inquiry about something.
To look at someone with doubt or distrust.
The price of commodity on which it is available to the buyer.
To turn or to twist towards one side.
To obtain or get something on request.
Ana act of asking or wanting something.
The price of an object set by the seller.
An act of inviting somebody.
Someone who is into a deep sleep or is unconscious.
A way of saying that something will happen provided that another action happens before it.
Which can be taken possession of.
The proposal or contract on which a common agreement could be achieved.
The way in which something is determined by the Parliament in accordance with the law.
Something determined or decided by the rules of procedure.
Being fixed in the interest of certain person, etc.
The way in which anything is just.
Anything that is necessary for some purpose.
Anything that can be suggested for use.
Something that can be prescribed in a certain interest by the Parliament or under some law by the Parliament.
Which can be recognized.
A way of saying that something was talked about in something else such as a book.
A way of comparing the quantity of two items.
Something done with as much speed as possible.
Something as close or near as possible.
Something as close or near as possible.
Something as close or near as possible.
The way in which something is mentioned after a given point in some document, report, etc.
As necessary in or demanded by a certain occasion.
With the assertion of right.
A legal term meaning that the use of a piece of land is correct according to the law.
A term which indicates the frequency with which something happened.
A term which indicates the frequency with which something happened.
With maximum possible frequency.
A legal term meaning the date when something official was recorded.
The way in which some law or Act had originally been implemented.
The way in which something is stipulated in a special condition in an expressed fashion.
The way in which something is determined by the Parliament in accordance with the law.
A way of referring to an item which forms a section of a large group.
As a part of an exchange.
An official term referring to when an official body approves a law or an agreement.
A particular way in which matter may be considered.
The way to see something in a particular direction either by visually or mentally.
A device card with state of the art technology developed in reference to aiming aspect.
A way to see ideas or problem in a particular direction.
A way of describing something as being in accordance with something else.
A way of describing something as being in accordance with something else.
Failure in formation or emission of semen.
A way of describing something as being in accordance with the opinion of someone.
A remark which is insulting.
small genus of tall striking annuals or perennials with grasslike foliage and flowers in dense racemes or panicles.
Patholological Manifestations or even death due to improper aeration of blood continued over a period of time.
Any substance that can cause asphyxia; That can cause asphyxiation
To lose consciousness because of abnormal breathing.
To suffer from extreme asphyxia.
Suctioning of fluid or gases from a cavity.
A strong goal or desire to achieve something.
a pump that draws fluid or tissue or foreign bodies from the body
To have an ambition or goal in life.
Someone who strives very hard to achieve ones goal or desire.
Unlawful removal of goods from where they are deposited or stored.
As accurately as possible; with maximum possible accuracy.
A way of describing a medicine as being taken in the dose which the doctor / pharmacist orders.
A way of describing a medicine as being taken in the dose which has been ordered by a doctor / pharmacist.
A way of describing that an action should happen in the shortest time possible.
A person who glances from the corner of the eye.
A way of describing that someone or something has the approval of someone else.
with concern to; concerning.
A way of describing something as occurring with respect to something else.
A way of describing something as occurring with respect to something else.
A way of describing something as happening with a stable frequency.
With respect to; concerning.
A system fail - safe timer which starts when the System Management driver is loaded.
To assault or to attack someone.
One who attacks.
A state in India.
A State that is located in the north - eastern part of India and is situated in the valley of the Brahmaputra River.
A person who follows the culture of Assam.
Something that is related to the culture or tradition of Assam.
A traditional weaving industry in Assam where different types of traditional garments of silk are prepared.
A person who plans a surprise attack on someone.
To murder or to kill someone very secretly.
Act of assassination.
Act done to harm one 's character in other' s opinion.
A planed attack with an intention to kill someone.
A person who does the killing of a another person very secretly.
To attack.
Attack someone in a violent manner.
A violent attack.
To threaten or try to injure someone unlawfully; to attack someone.
To abuse or to attack somebody.
An unlawful intentional attempt to injure another person.
An activity carried out to accomplish something.
Analysis of composition or constitution of a subtance.
a substance that is undergoing an analysis of its components
An act of judging somebody 's quality.
Certificate issued on the testing of metal (purity).
One who is engaged in assaying.
One who assays.
A way of saying that an action will happen at the pre - indicated time.
Fitting together parts of train.
When large crowd has gathered.
When many people assemble in one place.
To gather large number of people at one place.
To bring together.
To gather together.
To get together as a group.
To get or come together.
Assembled origin refers to the address of the initial storage location.
Congregated or gathered together peacefully.
To gather together or congregate peacefully.
Assembler directive is such a statement in an assembly - language program which renders instructions to the assembler and does not generate machine language.
An inline facility of compiler for writing and generating microcode and an execution simulator for testing and running micro programs or for performing textual substitution.
Assembler language refers to the programming language which is a close approximation of the binary machine code.
Assembler program refers to such a program which has been written in assembly language.
An act of coming together in a group.
To bring together or congregate the court.
A group of people who have gathered together for discussing together.
The crowd that has gathered.
A group of people who are appointed to make decisions.
The body of voters or the residents of a district represented by an elected assembly.
An instruction which implements a symbolic representation of the binary machine codes and other constants needed to program a given CPU architecture.
Assembly language programming is such programming which is considered as a low - level paradigm although it is a 'second generation' paradigm.
A high level programme language with digital signal processor (DSP) providing hardware speed yet software flexibility.
A system of making things in a factory in which the products move past a line of workers each doing his assigned job.
A technique of production in which machinery arranged in stages by when a product is progressively assembled.
The coming together of court.
A group of persons gathered together for a common reason, as for legislative, religious, educational or social purpose.
A Safety Signs and Signage.
Assembly unit denotes the device that performs the function to associate and join together several parts or pieces of a program.
An illegal gathering of a group of persons which is not allowed by the law.
To give consent.
Agreement; concurrence; acquiescence; consent.
An official approval.
Agreement or concurrence to some legislation introduced in the Parliament.
To declare forcefully.
To state firmly.
To show firmness or determination.
To show assurance or confidence in something.
A positive statement, usually made without an attempt at furnishing evidence.
A positive declaration or statement without any reason..
To state or express one 's right positively; to affirm one' s right.
An act of expressing feelings strongly.
To determine the size (amount).
To decide the amount of tax on income or property.
To calculate the cost or value of something.
An act of determining value or amount.
Such deposits on which tax is required to be paid.
Something which is subject to assessment for the year assigned for assessment.
Which can be determined.
Something evaluated to be a company.
Evaluated final wealth after the deductions of losses.
Rent that has been assessed.
Evaluated, estimated or determined tax to be paid.
Value that has been calculated.
Person whose assessment (for tax) has been done.
The person to be assessed has exhausted his options.
The person to be assessed has failed in the assessment.
Person / designated officer who is authorised to decide the amount of tax.
The authority entitled with the right or duty to assess someone or something.
To decide suitability of some one for some specific work.
The act of assessing.
The act of judging a person, amount, an event or a situation.
Cases relating to determination of tax and filing appeal therefor.
Estimation of the value of something by way of a penalty.
Determination of tax for the business which is not running.
The authority entitled with the right or duty to assess someone or something.
Estimation of the value of loss.
Evaluating quality parameters and it 's performance to the product.
To determine the needs of capital that may be required for meeting day - to - day needs of a business enterprise.
Valuation made on success in business.
Assessment on inheritance.
An order detailing the amount of assessment.
1. Criteria used to assess an outcome. 2. Criteria to assess an outcome or quality of a piece of work or test or examination.
Year to which the assessment relates.
The assessment year which is falling immediately after the financial year.
Someone who decides how much tax has to be paid.
The one who assess.
To evaluate or revaluate; to estimate and re - estimate the value of something; to determine and re - determine the value of something.
Any possession which has value.
A property or something else that a person owns.
The borrowing and lending of funds between market operators using assets as security for the transaction.
A large quantity, number, group or section of assets.
Splitting value pertaining to Asset like cost, tax implications, stamp duty etc.
Another name for current asset, that is, accounts receivable, cash, etc. that are constantly flowing in and out of a firm in the normal course of its business.
The asset that can be easily exchanged for money.
accounts receivable, cash, etc. that are constantly flowing in and out of a firm in the normal course of its business.
Asset created by an accounting entry that has not tangible existence or realizable value but represents actual cash expenditure.
Asset that is continually changing in quantity and / or value, such as amount of accounts, cash, etc.
The way in which something has been described in the first schedule.
Asset created by an accounting entry that has not tangible existence or realizable value but represents actual cash expenditure.
Any asset that can be converted into cash in a short time, with little or no loss in value.
The portion of assets that consists of different type of assets
A collection of assets consisting of various items.
The act of reconstructing the assets.
The asset which is in the form of an expenditure.
Property that can be sold.
Something that is useful.
Anything that has value.
An useful quality.
The item of property or value (assets) real or fictitious and debits and claims (liabilities) against the company / concern which appear in balance sheet
Assets related to the controlled business of a person or company that provides insurance.
Combining economic resources into categories according to their characteristics. It includes fixed assets, investments, intangible assets, current assets and deferred costs.
The combined or grouped assets of two persons or businesses.
Fixed assets that has limited useful life and is therefore subject to depreciation.
To chase the assets.
Assets owned which are pertaining to domestic sector.
Transaction which are related to property.
Assets of a company whose ownership is transferred as a result of the death of the owner.
Assets, ownership of which has been granted for a payment or rent for a specific period.
The buying of a company for the purpose of making a profit by selling its assets due to under valuation.
Assets that have tangible existence and realizable value.
It is a measure of operating performance and facilitates to know whether a company uses its assets effectively to generate desired revenue. It indicates how successful a firm is in utilizing its assets in generation of sales revenue.
Fixed assets that has limited useful life and is therefore subject to depreciation.
The amount which is due at the time but which is not paid.
A sound of a sibilant.
To make someone responsible for a job.
To select for duty or office; appoint.
To give out as a task; allot.
An act of allocating.
The capability of something to be assigned.
Something which can be transferred through the will.
Work that has been assigned.
An area which has been set apart for a particular purpose.
An operating unit of the Internet Corporation pertaining to the Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) which maintains the top - level domain, IP address and protocol number databases.
The person to whom assignment of any right is made.
The person who has been assigned some issue for important consideration.
The person who has been assigned some task in the condition of bankruptcy.
Persons who have been assigned the rights of managing the property of an insolvent.
To set apart some issue for important consideration or pondering.
To show that something has been done with good cause or reason behind it.
Authority that is competent to decide about assignment.
To transfer interest from one to another.
Task that has been assigned.
A task which has been assigned.
An indexing where index terms are taken from a controlled vocabulary.
The act of assigning something, such as a task, in written form.
The transfer by the assigner (who is to receive damages) to the assignee (other person) of the right to receive the proceeds of damages.
It relates to transferring of the debit to receive its payment from the original beneficiary or a third party.
The officer who has been entitled with the task of assigning something.
The act of selecting or appointing somebody for duty or office.
A basic operation which sets or re - sets the value assigned to a variable.
Person who decides about assignment.
To transfer the mortgage debts from one person to another.
To understand fully and absorb.
An act of understanding something.
An act of absorbing something.
To process of assimilation.
absorption of a nutritive material etc.
the process of absorbing nutrients into the body after digestion
A process of being assimilated.
A combination of something done in many ways.
To help.
An act of helping somebody to carry out a task.
The act of helping someone; a help.
Support somebody.
The help given to some country by India.
The help provided in the performance of secretarial tasks.
The help given by the central government to the state government by deploying armed forces.
Someone who helps in the work.
Anything that assists in a regular task.
The person who assists.
A person who supports or helps another.
The person who looks after the accounts as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Administrative and Commercial section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Book - keeping section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Coaching section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Compensation section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Compensation Claim section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Construction section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Expenditure, Fuel and Inspection section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Finance section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Finance Budget section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Goods section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Simplification section of a department as an assistant.
The person who looks after the accounts in the Stores section of a department as an assistant.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of auditing as an assistant.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of auditing as an assistant.
The person who works as an expert in the study of bacteria, in capacity of an assistant.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of the operation of a Barco Machine Operator.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the job of block inspection.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of bridge engineering.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of bridge engineering.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of inspection of bridges.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of Bromide printing.
The person who plays the role of an assistant in the task of looking after the cabin.
The person who plays a helping role in the job of the carpenter mistry.
The person who is responsible as an assistant for the management of the car refreshment room.
The person who is responsible as an assistant for the management of the car refreshment room.
The person who plays a helping role in the work of inspecting the cleanliness of the carriage.
The person who looks after the transactions in cash as an assistant.
The person who looks after the transactions in cash as an assistant.
The person who plays a helping role in the task of inspection of catering.
The person who plays a helping role in the task of catering storekeeper.
The person who plays a helping role in the task of catering supervision.
The person employed by the central government to look after the tasks related to intelligence.
The helper workman employed to blast with explosives.
The government official appointed to look after the tasks related to chemical examination.
The person who works as a scientist specializing in chemistry in capacity as an assistant.
A central government officer assisting in the work of auditing.
The person working as an assistant inspector entrusted with the responsibility of examining the claims.
The person working as an assistant inspector entrusted with the responsibility of resolving a claim dispute.
The person who works as a clerk in capacity of an assistant.
The person who works as a helper in the conveyance of coal.
A designation of administrative authority.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of collection of custom charges, in capacity of an assistant.
The person working as the assistant commanding officer in a military.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters of budget.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters of Claims.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters of Claims disposal.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters of Complaints.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters related to job analysis.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters related to repayment of outstanding amount.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters related to railway freight.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters related to reservation.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting or examining commercial matters related to tickets.
The government officer responsible for commercial publicity in capacity as an assistant.
The government official who looks after the commercial activities of the department in capacity as an assistant.
The government official in charge of the matters pertaining to income - tax, in capacity as an assistant.
The government official entrusted with the responsibility of inspecting claims.
The government official who supervises the matters related to the duty imposed on immovable property.
The government official who controls stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls construction of stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls inspection of stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls liaison of stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls metric system of stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls out depot of stores in capacity as a helper.
The government official who controls out construction and maintenance of stores in capacity as a helper.
A dental surgeon working as an assistant.
The person who performs a helping task in the job of store keeping.
The person entrusted with managerial functions in capacity as a helper.
The government official who supervises the inspection works in capacity as an assistant.
The person who is assistant head of the district police administration.
The person who is appointed as a helping engineer for the construction and maintenance of ring railway.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of helping in the answering of enquiries.
The person who is responsible for calculation or evaluation of some asset in helping capacity.
The person who helps in the operation of the filter plant.
The person who is responsible for the inspection of food supplies in helping capacity.
The person who works as the leader of a work crew in a factory.
The person who works as the leader of a work crew in the maintenance section of a factory.
The person who works as the leader of a work crew in the mechanical and maintenance section of a factory.
The person who works as the leader of a work crew in the mechanical and maintenance section of a factory.
The person who works as the leader of a work crew in a factory.
The person who looks after the management of a godown as a helper.
The person who looks after the clerical tasks related to goods in the travelling section of a department.
The government official responsible for the currency note keeping as a helper.
The person who teaches as an assistant lecturer and belongs to grade - A.
The person who teaches as an assistant lecturer and belongs to grade - B.
A member of the armed forces who operates guns.
The person who has been appointed to teach in capacity as a helper.
The person who has been appointed to communicate through signals.
A person appointed as an assistant attendant in a hospital.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after a store in a hospital.
The assistant to the chief administrative official of a hostel.
The person who is the supervisor of some enterprise in capacity as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of draft of a contract.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of instructing or directing something in capacity as a helper.
The person who works as the helping doorman or who keeps the door.
The person who is entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the matters of labour dispute and welfare in capacity as a helper.
The person who is entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the safe landing of aircrafts in capacity as a helper.
The person who is entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the linen (cloth) as a helper.
The person who is entrusted with the responsibility of direct linen (cloth) as a helper.
The person who operates the litho machine in capacity as a helper.
The person who supervises the operation of a locomotive vehicle.
The person who is responsible for the inspection of maintenance of something in capacity as a helper.
A woman who acts as a helping supervisor or monitor in a public institution like school or hostel.
The person who works as a mechanical engineer in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution with special reference to administration and general issues in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution with special reference to the department of pathology in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution with special reference to the department of physiology in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution with special reference to the department of radiology in helping capacity.
The person who is entrusted with the supervision of the medical matters in a health institution with special reference to the department of surgery in helping capacity.
A woman who has been entrusted with the responsibility of school teacher in helping capacity.
A person who plays the role of a helper in the task of casting monotypes.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the movement of something, in capacity as a helper.
A designated officer looking after matters relating to narcotics.
The person who has been entitled with the task of overseeing the operation as an assistant.
The person who plays the role of assistance in the task of operation.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of operating a substation in capacity as a helper.
A person who is assistant in charge of paying wages and salaries.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the permanent way in capacity as a helper.
A person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the conduct of the personnel, in capacity as a helper.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the matters related to the employees.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the matters related to the employees, with special focus on construction.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the matters related to the employees, with special focus on publication.
The person who is assistant in charge of the examination and inspection of a plant.
A college or university teacher or lower rank than an associate professor.
The person who as a helper examines and assesses the progress of something.
The person who as a helper oversees the progress of something.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility as a helper of initiating and conducting a legal action, on the part of the government.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the affairs related to public relations.
A person who is an expert in the use of radioactive substance for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility as a helper of looking after the management of the rail hospital.
The person who, as a helper, examines and assesses rates of something.
The person who looks after, as a helper, the rates of something.
The person who looks after the rates of the coaching charges as a helper.
The person who looks after the commodity rates as a helper.
The person entrusted with the responsibility as a helper of examining and assessing the process of research and development.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of examining and assessing the condition of road van.
The person who is the assistant in charge of the running shed.
The person who operates the scherzer bridge as an assistant.
The person who has been appointed as a school teacher in helping role.
A diary maintained by an assistant of a senior executive.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of handling correspondence, files, records, etc. in an organization as a helper.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of handling the correspondence, files, records etc for the general manager of an organization.
The police official entrusted with the responsibility of security with special focus on crime.
The police official entrusted with the responsibility of security with special focus on special intelligence.
The police official entrusted with the responsibility of security with special focus on personnel training.
The assistant judge of a sessions court.
1. The occupation of being an assistant; A position of employment as an assistant. 2. A type of student employment; usually refers to a student teaching or research position.
The forest officer responsible for the care and cultivation of forest trees.
An assistant attendant on a ship or airplane; a person entrusted with the responsibility of managing one 's property, finances, etc.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the store, as an assistant.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the store, as an assistant.
The person who is assistant to the sub - inspector, who is in command of the police station.
The person who is assistant of the in - charge of a post office.
The person assisting the officer who has the authority to supervise and direct in matters related to Archaeology.
The police officer entrusted with the responsibly of supervision and direction of the department.
The person assisting the officer who has the authority to supervise and direct in matters related to power.
The person assisting the officer who has the authority to supervise and direct in matters related to Mechanics.
The assistant officer responsible for supply of goods.
A person who is expert in the science of surgery.
A person who is expert in the science of surgery and works in the out - patient department of a hospital.
A person who is expert in the art of survey and works as an assistant.
A facility which works through many of the basic system settings, like the computer name and network domain.
The person who as a helper is responsible for the inspection of operations of telecommunication.
The person who as a helper is responsible for the inspection of operations of telegraph.
The person who as a helper keeps record of the hours worked by employees.
The person responsible for the supervision and direction of the track supplies.
The person responsible for the control of Traction power operations, as a helper.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs, with focus on coaching of personnel.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs in general.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs with special focus on movement.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs with special focus on stock.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs with special focus on survey.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the traffic affairs with special focus on transit.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of the inspection of the train, as a helper.
The person who is responsible as an assistant for the passage of goods through some point.
The person who has the authority to supervise and direct transportation.
The person who is entrusted with inspection of the transfer of goods from one conveyance to another for reshipment.
The person who has the authority to inspect and be watchful to something in a helping capacity.
The person responsible for the vigilance of something as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of examination and assessment of the wagon.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of examination and assessment of the movement of wagon.
The person who is the in charge of a ward, i. e., a division or a room of the hospital, in a helping capacity.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of examining and assessing the availability of water and drainage system, in capacity as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of examining and assessing the softening of water in capacity as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of examining and assessing the state of welfare as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of keeping records regarding the work orders as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of supervising the works in a workshop as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility to manage the construction works as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of supervising the works in a yard as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of controlling the works in a yard as a helper.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of supervising the works in a yard as a helper.
A business establishment which has been provided assistance in any form like subsidy etc.
Short track connecting the main track.
Someone who you work with.
To join as colleague.
A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise or business; a partner or colleague.
To join in or form a league, union or association; to join as a partner, ally or friend.
A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise or business; a partner or colleague.
To give or keep company.
Ana ct of including something.
An act of giving somebody company.
An advocate who is associated with another or other advocates in a legal institution.
Where one institution has financial interest in another and have influence on its activity.
A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise or business; a partner or colleague.
A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise or business; a partner or colleague.
A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise or business; a partner or colleague.
An undergraduate academic degree awarded by community colleges, junior colleges, technical colleges and some four - year bachelors degree - granting colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study usually lasting two years.
A process or mission which is associated with another or other missions or processes.
Activities which are connected with the main operations.
Trade marks which are related, linked or share a lot of similarities.
Trade marks which are related or linked.
Related to or linked to.
Related to or linked to.
A sub - ordinate member.
A person employed as a planner and associated with another or other planners.
A teacher who is associated with other professors in a faculty.
The quality of being associated with someone in a common enterprise, friendship, etc.
An act of having a relationship with somebody.
group of people organised for a common purpose.
Union or organization for a common goal.
The act of associating or being associated.
An organisation of people who come together to achieve a particular task or goal.
Any organization of people having an activity or purpose which threatens public peace.
An organization or a business that has been dissolved or discontinued.
It is a linked list in which each list element or node comprises a key and a value.
An interneuron (also called relay neuron, association neuron or local circuit neuron) is a multipolar neuron which connects afferent neurons and efferent neurons in neural pathways.
An organization of employers sharing a common interest or objective.
An organization of people who have an interest, activity or purpose in common.
Group of people who have come together for same kind of work.
A Language used with Description which is a combination of constituent structure ideas. It is locally testable.
A property of some binary operations.
It implies that, within an expression containing two or more occurrences in a row of the same associative operator, the order in which the operations are performed does not matter as long as the sequence of the operands is not changed.
The repetition of similar or identical vowel sounds (though with different consonants), usually in literature or poetry.
An indication that an action will happen once another event has occurred.
As soon as possible; as early as possible.
As soon as possible; as early as possible.
Soonest possible with convenience.
A way of describing that an action should happen in the shortest time possible.
As soon as practically possible.
An act of arranging something as and how required.
Assortative mating (also called assortative pairing) takes place when sexually reproducing organisms tend to mate with individuals that are like themselves in some respect (positive assortative mating) or dissimilar (negative assortative mating).
Made up of selected kind of material.
A market where securities of different sorts mixed together are traded.
A process of distributing or classifying.
An idiom meaning that something is in very good condition.
The way in which something has been specified at some place.
One who helps to fulfill a requirement.
Pacification.
In the capacity of the officers of the said or specified rank.
To start to do a job.
To take something for granted.
To consider or to believe something.
To take charge.
A bond issued by a financial institution guaranteeing that the holder will receive a fixed amount on maturity.
A form that has been imposed or taken artificially.
A decimal number stored in a computer, also appeas on a printout, changing position of value in the number from positive to negative powers of 10, but to which no location is assigned or at which no printed character appears, as opposed to an actual decimal point.
A name which is false or pretended.
An imagined or proposed salary.
To take the responsibility of looking after the management of forests.
To take the charge of the office.
To take the responsibility of supervision.
Some thing which one feels is true.
An act of assuming.
The formal action of starting to have control or authority to do something.
To take something for granted.
An act or an instance of assuming.
Something taken for granted or accepted as true without proof; a supposition.
An act of taking something for granted.
An instance of assuming.
An act of assuming work.
An act by which one can presume or suppose something.
A promise made to do something.
A promise or pledge to do something for some one.
Insurance, chiefly life insurance.
An act of assuring or guaranteeing something.
The amount of an insurance policy.
Insurance for life when someone dies or incapicited.
Life insurance.
To convince people about happening of something.
To cause to feel sure.
To affirm or to declare something.
To be sure or confident of something.
A way of describing something as inevitable.
Person who has insured himself.
To promise something confidently.
A statement given for the purpose of gaining confidence.
Certainly, without any doubt.
To take a decision to do something.
Who is engaged in providing insurance.
The person or the authority who has made the promise.
Pertaining to Assyria, Native of Assyria
An aster is a cellular structure shaped like a star, formed around each centrosome during mitosis in an animal cell.
A term in computer science commonly used as a wildcard character, or to denote pointers, repetition, and multiplication.
towards the back or behind of a vessel.
Something that is at the backside of the vessel or aircraft.
Whatever is the condition or circumstances.
absence of strength, weakness
lacking strength.
A way of saying that another event occurred whilst a transfer took place.
A way of describing something as having existed before something else.
A predisposition to chronic inflammation of the lungs in which the airways (bronchi) are reversibly narrowed.
An allergic disorder of lungs that makes it difficulty in expiration.
in optical system, failure of light rays to converge leading to impaired eyesight.
in regard of; concerning; related to.
So that there can be a realistic possibility.
Regarding compensation; related to compensation; concerned with compensation.
To work on a lower wage or income as compared to others.
Regarding delivery; related to delivery; concerned with delivery.
Having no mouth or oral opening.
To surprise someone all of a sudden.
Something that causes astonishment.
To result in a sudden amazement.
A port that is located near Columbia River in northwest Oregon.
Something that is behind the vessel or aircraft.
Regarding a particular sum of money; related to a particular sum of money.
To astonish or to surprise somebody with something.
Something that is capable to give surprise or shock to someone.
To impress somebody with a sudden surprise.
As per Sanskrit it mean a supernatural weapons.
Astral microtubules are a subpopulation of microtubule s, which only exist during and immediately before mitosis.
Not to be in a correct path or direction.
To put or to extend legs on either side.
To be in a posture by placing legs far apart.
An act of contacting.
substance that causes contraction of body tissues or canal.
A study of effect of stars and planets on human life.
Something that is related to astrology.
A study of how the placement of stars and planets is related to our lives.
A scientists who observes celestial bodies.
Something related to the universe beyond the earth.
Something that is related to astronomy.
Too large to contemplate.
A study of celestial bodies present outside the atmosphere of the earth.
all of an aster except the centrosome
Being Shrewd.
Being clever.
A wicked or an evil person.
To separate something into pieces.
A way of saying something is describing in a certain part of an official document.
A small village located in the district of Giridih in the state of Jharkhand.
A way of describing something as happening in the usual manner.
A city in the south of Egypt.
An embankment water defence structure which crosses the Nile River in Aswan.
A way of describing something as additional.
A way of describing something as additional to something else.
A way of saying that an event has not occurred up until the present moment.
lack of symmetry
not identical on both sides of a central line; unsymmetrical; lacking symmetry: Most faces are asymmetric.
The increase and decrease in the price of commodities which lacks symmetry.
In telecommunications, asymmetric communication refers to any such communication system therein the data speed or quantity differs in one direction in comparision with the other direction,
In context of computer, asymmetric cryptography is an encryption method in which a two - part key i. e. a public key and a private key is used.
A technology or device to improve the electrical and hot carrier performance and also for frequency and waveform.
An asymmetric digital subscriber line denotes that digital subscriber line (DSL) technology in which the transmission of data from server to client is much faster in comparision of the transmission from client to server.
A type of transister which includes oxide layer outwardly from a semiconductor substrate, I / O transistor region and photoresist layer, doping a source region and a drain region of the core transistor.
A tool Book still being used in the ACSC curriculum and also a book pertaining to Asymmetric Synthesis..
the quality or state of being asymmetric.
showing no symptoms.
A methodology to determine or choose the better of the two algorithm for a particular solution within a time limit.
A device wherein the speed of operation is not related to any frequency in the system to which it is connected.
A Digital Subscriber Line enabling faster data transmission over copper telephone lines than a conventional voiceband modem can provide.
A loop used to connect the Internet wherein a special filter, a microfilter, is installed on a subscriber 's telephone line to allow both ADSL and regular telephone services to be used at the same time.
A student - centered teaching method that uses online learning resources to facilitate information sharing outside the constraints of time and place among a network of people.
It is an ac machine the speed of which is not proportional to the frequency of the power line.
A transfer Mode comprising a cell - based switching technique that uses asynchronous time - division multiplexing.
A communications protocol which controls an asynchronous transmission, for example, ASCII, TTY, Kermit and Xmodem.
A specification of ITU (International Telecommunication Union) standard for sending X. 400 traffic over standard telephone lines.
A method of transmission synchronization wherein asynchronous transmissions are synchronized by special signals along the transmission medium.
Asynchronous time - division multiplexing refers to that time - division multiplexing method of sending information which appears like normal time - division multiplexing, except that the time slots are allocated as required dynamically instead of preassigned to specific transmitters.
In context of computers, Asynchronous transmission refers to that data transmission wherein start operation of each character or block of characters is arbitrary but, once start operation is started, the signal elements are transmitted at a predetermined fixed rate.
A preposition used to express where something is located or to signal arrival at a place at a specific time.
A name of a desert in South America.
Something which is available at a price less than the face value or quoted market price.
The space between two objects.
A way of saying how old a person was when an event happened.
at a rate that is higher than the previous rate.
A way of saying "in the slightest degree or respect".
Something which is available or applicable all the time.
A way of saying that something must be done continuously.
At any time.
Something offered free or at a reduced price as an inducement to buy something.
A way of describing an action as being simultaneous to another action.
Used to show exact or approximate position in term of value.
A name of a Muslim person.
A resemblence to ancestors rather than parents in plants and animals.
reverting to or suggesting the characteristics of a remote ancestor or primitive type.
failure of muscles to coordinate to bring about a smooth movement, usually seen in cerebellar disorders.
A way of describing something which is happening under the best conditions possible.
For the replacement of a particular word coming at two particular places.
For the replacement of particular words coming at two particular places.
A way of saying that the action happened or a person has a quality in reality or at heart.
Two entities fighting each other in close proximity.
With discount at less price.
To have eaten in the past time.
A way of drawing comparison between two places.
incomplete expansion of lungs at birth or collapse of an adult lung.
A way of saying "everywhere" or "in every place".
At a price which is justified.
At the very beginning.
A fourth Veda containing text of Hindus like mantras and formulas.
form of arteriosclerosis in which atheromas containing cholesterol, lipid materials are formed within media of large and medium sized arteries.
According one 's own judgment.
At the provocation of someone.
At one 's own expense.
When asked by someone.
A person who is trained in sports or has a natural ability to play.
A person who is gifted with a natural quality of sports.
A cell that engulfs extraneous material and stores it as granules in the cytoplasm.
To move across or from side to side.
At a length which is not fair, just or normal.
A way of describing something in the moment when it has the best conditions.
A way of describing something in the moment when it has the best conditions.
A capital city of Georgia in United States.
Something that is situated on the eastern seaboard of United States.
Free or unhindered.
A book or bound collection of maps, sometimes with supplementary illustrations and graphics.
The branch which deals with the matters related to atlas.
A way of describing something as the end result of a process.
A way of saying "if nothing else".
Freely or independently.
Free to withdraw or step back.
The time (date) on which a bill of exchange, fixed deposit, etc. are due for payment.
A cell - based switching technique which encodes data into small fixed - sized cells (cell relay) and provides data link layer services that run over OSI Layer 1 physical links.
To switch over for withdrawal from the account from bank counter to ATM.
At a greater frequency.
The gaseous mask or envelope surrounding a celestial body, especially the one surrounding the earth, and retained by celestial body 's gravitational field.
The dominant intellectual or emotional environment or mood.
A gaseous envelope surrounding the earth mainly in the form of air and climate.
Something that is relating to atmosphere.
The pressure equal to the air pressure at sea level.
At - most - once semantics is one of the standard models for object access in decentralized systems.
An electrical device that is mainly used by the bank customer to withdraw money.
A way of saying "never" or warning against doing something at all.
Not bareble, limit of tolerance.
The smallest particle of a chemical element that can take part in the chemical reaction.
In context of Computer science, A standard like the Atom Syndication Format which is an XML language used for web feeds, whereas the Atom Publishing Protocol is a simple HTTP - based protocol for creating and updating web resources.
A very small component acquiring a quality of elements.
of or using atomic energy.
of or relating to atom
Something that is related to the features of an atom or atoms.
In programming language Atomic Access refer that Reads and writes are atomic for reference variables and for most primitive variables (all types except long and double) and also for all variables declared volatile.
Something that results from atom or atomic energy.
It is an integral domain, every non - zero non - unit of which, is a finite product of irreducible elements.
The government body which governs the matters related to atomic energy.
The department of the government which governs the matters related to atomic energy.
The minerals that are used for the generation of atomic energy.
The government body constituted for the search and research of atomic minerals.
Electricity that is generated by atomic process.
A mechanism or system developed with reference to atom.
The economy where many small players compete with each other.
To reduce to or separate into atoms.
To separate or reduce into fine particles.
instrument for emitting liquids as a fine spray.
Something that is without a tone.
A way of describing an action as being done straight away or without hesitation.
A way of describing an action as having been done in a single action.
A way of describing an action in the past which usually doesn 't happen anymore.
lack of normal muscular tone.
Something that is on the top.
At a particular place or in the vicinity of that place.
A way of saying that an action happens but not in this moment.
When no charges are levied (drafts issued at par).
A way of describing something as being equivalent to the standard or on the same level as something else.
A way of describing something as being equivalent to the standard or on the same level as something else.
More than the prescribed value.
More than the prescribed value.
A way of describing something as being above the usual standard or as having a high price.
A way of saying something is happening right now.
Which is incidental happens without conscious choice.
an abnormal condition in which normal opening in the body are absent or closed.
Something that is made free from the bottom.
At - risk students are students who are not experiencing success in school and are potential dropouts. They are usually low academic achievers who exhibit low self - esteem. Generally they are from low socioeconomic status families.
in anatomy, any chamber that is connected to another chamber, especially the upper two chambers of the heart.
A rectangular shaped area located in the center of the building with a open skylight.
Something that is extremely bad or cruel.
The state of being very cruel or wicked.
related to atrophy
undergo diminution in size of cell, tissue, organ or part
wasting away
A wasting or decrease in size of a body organ, tissue, or part owing to disease, injury, or lack of use: muscular atrophy of a person affected with paralysis.
In the sea; confused or having no clue.
Which on way to sea.
The term used for the bills of exchange which become payable by the drawee immediately on their presentation or demand.
A way of describing an action as having been done in a single action.
The price which includes all the charges for the goods upto station.
To join, fasten or fix.
To join or to affix something.
To connect or to associate with something.
Assets which can be attached (There are certain assets which cannot be attached).
The proportion or part of the property that can be seized by a legal writ.
To seize (persons or property) by legal writ.
One attached to another person or thing, as a part of a staff, esp. one attached to an embassy.
Property which has been attached.
Which has been seized by the legal authority.
Office which is linked to the main office.
ASP was developed to provide efficient use of multiple OS / 360 systems with a shared workload.
Something that is joined with or related to the court.
Something that is joined with or related to the earth.
Linked to something.
An attache who is a specialist in the military matters.
One attached to another person or thing, as a part of a staff, esp. one attached to an embassy.
A person who can attach the property of his debtor.
The officer who has been entrusted with the responsibility of attaching a property.
Legal seizure and sale of a property.
Legal seizure of a property by a special order before the judgment of the case.
Legal seizure of a person or property.
A judgment ordering the limited content of the legal seizure of a property.
The officer who has been entrusted with the responsibility of attaching a property.
Act of seizing pay.
The act or process of attaching of the property.
Act of attaching / seizing salary (for some specific purpose).
An attachment unit interface (AUI) is a 15 pin connection which provides a path between a node 's Ethernet interface and the Medium Attachment Unit (MAU).
To be a part or something.
Aggressive act to protect oneself or to eradicate the counter one.
To set upon with violent force; to criticize in a hostile way.
To act aggressively or in an offensive manner.
A person who attacks or assaults someone.
An episode or onset of giddiness.
To achieve or to gain something.
Something that can be achieved, accomplished or attained.
To reach the age of majority; reaching adulthood.
To reach the age of majority; reaching adulthood.
To reach the age of majority; reaching adulthood.
To succeed in getting.
The act or instance of attaining, achieving, or accomplishing an objective.
To reach the minimum eligibility for a job or post.
To reach a said or mentioned age.
Perfumed oil made from flower petals.
An act of adapting to a particular situation or condition.
To make an effort.
An effort.
To try to perform, make or achieve; to attack.
To try or to make an effort to do something.
Something tried or for which effort has been made.
Tried transfer of property or title from somebody to another.
Tried sale of something.
To try to destroy or demolish something.
An efforts or a performance done to achieve something
An effort to kill someone.
An effort to seize and carry away somebody.
To be present for some work / event etc.
To accompany someone or wait upon someone as a companion or servant.
To be present at
To provide service or assistance to someone.
To show ones presence.
To take a part in something.
The act of being present.
Counting number of people present.
The act of attending the prayer according to their faith.
The act of attending the meeting of the jury by the members of the jury.
The act of looking after or taking care of the such people.
The official who looks after the number of present people and the frequency at which they are present.
The act of attending the hearings of the Supreme Court by the retired judges.
The act of being present on the part of the witnesses.
Register in which attendance is recorded.
A register or book where details of people present are recorded.
A slip certifying having attended.
The person who is the witness to the number of persons who are present.
Someone who is appointed to look after.
a person employed to provide a service.
A person who attends a service to another.
A legal concept which means "facts surrounding an event".
A person who has the responsibility of looking after the needs of the laboratory.
Possibility of incurring loss which is connected with the work.
To perform one 's tasks with hard work and dedication.
A data set application for communications wherein individuals are required at both stations to establish the connection and transfer the data sets from voice mode to data mode.
A trail printer which has no programmed paper handling device.
To attend to something with clear sense of urgency.
To attend something with personal injury.
To go to residences to provide some service.
To be present somewhere physically.
To take care of someone or to be present in someone 's service.
To provide services to someone.
To take care of the needs of someone.
To provide help or assistance.
To fulfill one 's tasks or duties.
To take a charge or to provide assistance to someone.
To attend or be present somewhere with some risk.
Applying one 's mind to listen or watch carefully.
To be careful.
The act to looking after or taking care of something or somebody.
An act of focusing or concentrating on something.
A code posted by the service processor.
A management consisting tools, social practices and policies seeking our attention through e - mail, messages, phone calls, pop - up notices etc.
To observe or to pay an attention.
To reduce in strength or become weak.
To reduce or weaken the strength of something.
The deformation of an analog signal which takes place during transmission.
Such an electronic device which diminish the amplitude or power of a signal without noticeably distorting its waveform.
To state in court of law that you believe something to be true.
To certify something to be true.
To certify something is true.
To affirm or to declare the truth of something.
To give proof of something or to state on oath.
The act of attesting something.
The act of verification of something.
The act of hearing witness.
The act to affirm to be correct, true or genuine.
Something whose true and genuine character has been affirmed.
Copy that has been attested.
The officer who has been vested with the authority of attesting documents.
The person who bears testimony to the true or genuine character of the thing or person to be attested.
To declare the correctness of something.
To affirm to be correct, true or genuine with signature.
A way of saying how old a person was when an event happened.
In the court.
At the start or beginning of something.
A way of saying that something happens at the start of the something else.
At the expense of someone or something.
On the occasion of the counting of the votes.
A way of saying that something will only happen with the authority of a certain person.
A way of saying that something is available to a person.
A way of referring to the earliest possible moment when an action can be completed.
At the earliest possible; as soon as possible.
On the selection of the accuser.
A way of referring to the time of the completion of something.
At the expense of someone or something.
At the loss of something or someone.
At the end or termination of something.
At the end of the said period.
At the bottom of something.
The amount of balance which is appearing at the end of the account represent last balance.
On the highest position responsible for helping and giving advise.
On the presentation of the example of something.
A way of saying that something happens in the moment that another action commences.
A way of describing the relative position of something.
In the traded options market the exercised price is about the same as the current market price for the security.
Where the duty is charged at zero rate i. e. no duty levied.
On one of the available alternatives.
On the disposal of pleasure of someone.
A way of describing an action as having been done to provide enjoyment for someone.
Rate denominated in figures.
The measurement of a quantity with respect to another measurement.
A way of describing something as happening at the speed which is approved by someone else.
At someone 's asking or desire.
A way of describing an action as occurring even when there is a possibly of danger to the person.
A way of describing an action as being simultaneous to another action.
For the replacement of particular words coming at three particular places.
A way of describing the period in which something happened.
At the time of proving someone guilty of an offence.
At the time of pronouncing an order or decree.
A way of describing someone saying something as loud as they possibly can.
A way of saying how old a young person was when an event happened.
An expensive clothing used especially for special occasions.
The way of thinking and behaviour with others.
a way of thinking
a bodily position
A manner in which a person carries one self or acts against somebody.
To agree to remain the tenant of the property after the transfer of its ownership.
To acknowledge a new owner of the land as one 's landlord.
To convey or to agree to pass something from one person to another.
A person especially a lawyer appointed to act for another in business or legal matters.
A person who has been appointed to act for another person as the client.
The chief law officer and legal counsel of the government of a state or nation.
The chief law officer and legal counsel of the government of India.
Legal counsel or lawyer of the High Court.
An instrument authorising one person to act on behalf of another.
A person legally empowered or appointed to act for another.
The act of agreeing to remain the tenant of the property after the transfer of its ownership.
To appeal or to draw someone 's emotions.
A substance, such as a pheromone, that attracts insects or other animals.
An act of attracting or enticing something.
Something that has power to attract something.
To please the mind or to charm someone.
For which credit cab be give.
Something which has happened due to ignorance or neglect.
Something which is considered to have done due to ignorance or night.
Something which is considered to be the result of a certain kind of business.
Something which happens due to the increment in the compensation.
Monetary profit of gain due to the increment in the compensation.
To impose or blame.
Quality or values of an individual.
To ascribe (generally for good deeds).
In context of object technology, it refers to a single element of data.
Personality or qualities of a person.
To give credit or honour to someone else.
A theory which deals with how individuals interpret events and how this relates to their thinking and behavior.
The process or act of wearing out gradually.
To naturalize or to bring something into harmony.
Where the facts / figures reported on the same subject at two different places differ with each other.
In armed conflict with someone or some country.
With respect to something.
When it is discretionary.
A partnership that can be dissolved at discretion of any one of the partners.
A partnership which is subject to will and wish of the parties.
Something that is not usual or normal.
Sale of goods by bidding.
Selling goods to the highest bidder.
To organize a public sale in which property or items of merchandise are sold to the highest bidder.
Person who conducts the auction.
The person who organizes auction.
An agreement for undertaking auction work.
The grant of authority or certain powers to hold auctions by the auctioneer.
Remuneration paid to the person undertaking auction work.
A professional body for conducting auctions.
To sale out something publicly.
A public sale in which property of items of merchandise are sold to the highest bidder and the income goes to the said account.
The stage from which the proceedings of an auction are conducted.
The person who is the highest bidder and therefore the purchaser in an auction.
Sales conducted through bidding in public.
In brave manner.
Which is capable of being heard (easily).
Something that is efficient or capable of being heard.
Formal interview with someone (generally VIP).
Listeners / spectators who have assembled.
A group of spectators watching the performance in the public place.
The number or range of the audience is limited.
A study conducted on audience on some subject.
Something that is relating to the audible sound.
graphical representation of an individuals auditory sensitivity to sound.
instrument to measure the sensitivity to hearing.
instrument to measure the sensitivity to hearing.
Audio patch bay refers to that specific patch panels which are placed to terminate all audio circuits and equipments those are used in a channel and technical control facility.
It is a database which tracks music listening habits and calculates relationships and recommendations.
The audio scrubbing is a process for Playing back a section of an audio file by highlighting the particular waveforms.
A cross - platform, multi - channel audio transfer protocol developed by Steinberg, which is being adopted by many of the manufacturers of audio / MIDI sequencing applications.
An environment comprising a wide and varying range of Audio software and hardware configurations.
A device which stores computer data on magnetic tape.
A lightweight, self - contained computer terminal with a typewriter keyboard, which can be attached to a telephone line by placing the telephone handset in a receptacle in the terminal.
involving both hearing and seeing.
materials using both sight and sound to provide information.
An exhibition where both hearing and sight are together.
Education given through audio and video mediums.
Type of publicity which involves both hearing and sight.
Publicity or advertisement done using audio and video mediums.
Office looking after work relating to audit of accounts.
Some order issued in connection with Audit of Accounts.
Audit covering administrative matters.
An examination of financial accounts or records to check their accuracy by the administration.
Audit of the property.
An audit relating to appropriateness.
The office of the government or any of its departments which looks after the audit and accounts.
The Act passed by Government of India in 1936 and which was in effect till 1973 for the provisions for control of the duties and powers of the Auditor General of India.
Audit conducted on annual basis / generally final accounts.
An annual examination of financial accounts or records to check their accuracy.
Audit relating to balance sheet.
Audit done in the form of balance sheets.
Assigning a class or category to the institution for which audit has been conducted depending on certain audit parameters.
The clerk who looks after records related to audit.
Type of audit which continues round the year.
The audit done continuously rather than periodically.
Uncollected accounts or unpaid accounts.
An audit conducted in detail giving all fact.
An audit with full details.
An account which has been checked by accountants or auditors.
Accounts which have been audited.
For which audit has been conducted and accepted as valid or true.
Written statement of assets and liabilities, which form part of final accounts, that has been audited.
A statement which has been checked.
Audit conducted for examining quality.
A process of checking whether an organization is working as efficiently as possible.
Audit covering matters relating to efficiency and propriety.
A process of checking the property rights and efficiency of an organization.
A payment or remuneration given for conducting audit.
Audit which is conclusive (with reference to period of work assigned).
The last and decisive examination of financial records and accounts.
Audit that cover financial transactions.
Audit which is conducted for the first time.
The first and preliminary examination of the financial records and accounts.
Work relating to audit.
Directions or orders which are to be taken into account while conducting audit.
Audit which is not conclusive.
A provisional or mid - term examination of financial records and accounts.
Audit conducted by own staff of the organisation.
An internal examination of the financial records or accounts of an organization.
An act where a performer is asked to show his ability.
Audit which is for name only.
An examination of records or accounts of a person.
Statement of disapproving something in the audit.
Which have been noticed during the course of audit.
An examination of financial accounts or records to check their accuracy.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the audit operations.
A qualified person who audits accounts.
The official responsible for auditing government departments and preparing an annual audit report.
Activity relating to audit.
A hall where public sits.
A theater in which people sit to watch the events.
A place or a concert hall where audience are gathered.
The answerability of the auditor towards citizens.
Liability of an auditor which can attract civil laws.
The responsibility of the auditor towards law and order.
Liability of an auditor which can attract criminal laws.
Person who holds a senior position as an auditor.
The senior official who examines the financial records or accounts.
The right of the auditor to hold his report till his payment has been given.
A right of auditor to keep something with him.
Report that has been submitted by the author on conduct of audit.
of or relating to hearing.
auditory perception of strange non verbal sounds.
either of the two passages in th eouter ear, one leading to tymapnic membrane and other through which nerves and vessels pass.
Audit which is not full (covers only selected areas).
Audit which is conducted at a fixed interval of time.
Series of events / items to be taken up for audit.
It is measure of assigning some rank in audit process which provides comparison with another institution.
The reports of the examination of the financial records or accounts.
A part of office relating to audit work.
Audit which is confined to a section only.
The audit of a particular section.
Number of persons associated together in the work of audit assigned to them.
An exercise of authority which is similar to audit.
An act of being in reality or fact.
Act of increasing.
the amount by which something increases.
the amount by which something increases
The increase in the foreign exchange or foreign reserve.
The increase in the quantity of production.
A specific grammar with rules wherein add extra information are added to them, usually in the form of feature information.
As per Gregorian calendar it is the eighth month of the year.
A famous French sculptor who designed the Statue of Liberty.
A name of a president of Peru.
As per Gregorian calendar it is the eighth and the ninth month of the year.
A place located in the Himalayan mountain in the state of Uttarakhand.
Sister of mother and child of the mother.
An abstract machine which can solve the computational problem.
The verification of the identity of a person or process. Authentication merely ensures that the individual is who he or she claims to be, but says nothing about the access rights of the individual.
A free file hosting and sharing service under acceptable use Internet policies.
A sensation that preceeds or marks the onset of a certain disorder.
A prominent city of Maharashtra.
A city located on the Grand Trunk Road in the state of Bihar.
A city located in Maharashtra which was named after the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb.
A Mughal emperor and a third son of the fifth Mughal emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal.
A greatest Mughal emperor born at Dohad in Madhya Pradesh
pertaining to Aurangzeb.
External cartilagenous part or the flap of the ear, or ear shaped appendages on either atrium.
The outer projecting portion of the ear. Also called pinna.
Pertaining to hearing.
An appearance of sunrise or day light in the morning.
An experimental township located in the district of Viluppuram in the state of Tamil Nadu.
To listen to the internal sounds of the body or an intuition.
listening of sounds within the body as a part of medical diagnosis.
Guidance or approval.
Something that is favourable or prosperous.
severe; having acerbity
Which is without adornement.
A state of a person with very less money to spend.
Steps taken to maintain austerity.
A name kept for male individual.
A country which is located on the southern hemisphere of the earth..
A Governing body of Australia which control the communities and societies inhabiting in it.
Which is worthy of trust.
Something which is accepted as genuine or real.
To verify something as genuine or true.
A form of assessment in which students are asked to perform real - world tasks that demonstrate meaningful application of essential knowledge and skills.
To establish the genuineness.
To establish the authenticity of or prove the genuineness of something.
An act of establishing or verifying something to be true or valid.
To establish the authenticity of or prove the genuineness of something with one 's signature.
To establish the authenticity of or prove the genuineness of something with one 's signature.
A duplicate copy of a document which has been authenticated by an appropriate authority
To establish the authenticity of or prove the genuineness of records.
Act of proving that something is true or genuine.
In context of communications, Authenticator refers to that Letter, numeral, or groups of letters or numerals which confirms authenticity of a message or transmission.
An assignment given to students designed to assess their ability to apply standard - driven knowledge and skills to real - world challenges.
The real and genuine written form of a treaty.
Translation which is genuine.
Writer of a book, article, or other text.
A person who writes a book, article, or other text; one who practices writing as a profession.
A person who is in the profession to write something.
A structured approach to developing all elements of a unit of instruction.
Software application used to produce media - based learning content. Some of the more popular ones are PowerPoint, DreamWeaver, Flash, Toolbook etc.
To accord official permission to do something.
Date with effect from which delegation of authority has been made.
To give official permission for something.
To give or to transfer ones right or power to someone else.
To delegate or to give power to someone else.
When authority has been given to do something.
The person who has been granted authority to act on behalf of other person.
Who has been authorised to sell.
Who is authorised to provide medical service.
Those who have been authorised to undertake work relating to change of one currency to another.
It is the approved price of one currency in term of another.
Person authorised to represent someone.
The signature of a person who has been given authority to carry on the business.
An account of a matter that has been indicated as authentic by the competent person.
The person who is granting authority.
Which is considered as reliable.
Which is supported by authority.
A book which can claim to be authority on a certain subject.
A meaning of the word explained which can be considered reliable.
To have authority or a commanding power.
A proclamation or decision which has arisen from authority.
A text which can claim to be authoritative and genuine.
A power that is vested or delegated to someone else.
Officers who have powers to enforce Income Tax Laws in india.
A person or body of persons having right.
Person having specific knowledge in some field.
The power or right to enforce law or obediance.
A body having authority.
The power to determine, decide, command, judge, etc.
The power to determine, decide, command, judge, etc.
The authoritative or genuine character of the something.
A power or command given to a person to control something.
The person who has the power to appoint.
The person who has the power to assess or evaluate.
The person who has the authority in matters relating to the cadre.
The authority to give certain powers.
The person holding the authority who is in supervision.
The power in the written form to determine, decide, command, judge, etc.
A letter authorising some one to act for another.
The powers to determine, decide, judge, etc of a magistrate.
The authority of resolving disputes; the power of the court to give decision.
The powers of the State; the power to rule.
The powers of the equal party of a contract.
A person who holds the power to determine, decide, command, judge, etc. in the university.
The person who has the powers for the present.
Special powers to do something.
An Open Specifications Documentation provided by an authority for protocols, file formats, languages, standards as well as overviews of the interaction among each of these technologies.
The power to adopt someone as his / her heir.
Right to take money from bank account or authority to write a cheque.
Empowering with authority.
The act to authorize something.
The grant of rights by appropriate authority to do something.
The act to authorize something.
To authorize an expenditure or budget.
To give authority to.
To permit or to sanction someone to do something.
To grant ones power or sanction to something else.
Something cleared by law.
The amount of capital which the company is authorised to raise.
An amount of money that has been cleared for investment for a particular purpose.
Authorised to market a product.
A dealer, trader or seller of a product of a particular company and authorized by that company.
An authorized place for depositing something, as for storage or safekeeping.
The authorized official for doing the job of enrollment.
An interpretation of something that has been authorized by an appropriate authority.
Something cleared in writing.
Leave that has been authorized by the appropriate authority.
Something which is prohibited with authorization.
A person that has been authorized for something.
Someone who has been authorized to break up.
Someone who has been authorized to put the transferable property in the correct order.
A translation that has been authorized by the appropriate authority.
One who originates a trust.
The creator or founder of a trust.
Writer of a particular work.
The writer, publisher and owner of the copyright of a work.
psychitric disorder in which there is abnormal absorption of self and reduced ability to respond to self.
related to autism.
An abbreviation used for automobiles.
Auto abstracting is a process by which a subset of the sentences available in a document is chosen as representative of the general content of that document.
A concept developed in such a way that a compiler can decide the concept on the basis of syntactic structure alone succeeding through Structural aliasing.
The rate determined by a receiving device like a modem about the speed, code level, and stop bits of incoming data by examining the first character, normally a preselected sign - on character.
Something concerned with ones own life.
An autobiography is a book about the life of a person, written by that person.
A typical installation of a dual boot system one to boot into various images.
A device which enables equipment, such as computers and card dialers, to originate calls automatically over a telecommunications network.
A fruit formed as the result of self - fertilization.
A term used to refer either service or tool that would automatically convert the text on a blog into speech.
The concept that an insect species genome could be altered in a manner that would result in the control of that species.
device which uses steam under pressure for sterilisation of surgical instruments.
A process of link - local address, generating global addresses via stateless address autoconfiguration, and the Duplicate Address Detection procedure to verify the uniqueness of the addresses on a link.
A feature which corrects common mistakes occuring while typing.
Something that is related to autocracy.
A vaccine prepared from cultures of organisms isolated from patients own body secretions or tissues.
A mode of internet dialer for connecting the link automatically.
The study of how a particular species responds to the environment.
To encrypt the data or file automaticlly trhrough some facility available in the system like WinSecure Lite which can automatically encrypt valuable data when log out or exit Windows.
Auto equalizer is such a device which measures the magnitude of each successive broadcast reference signal to determine a measured frequency response of an audio amplification system and its environment.
The person employed as helper as the Auto Exchange.
A feature of DTP or word - processing software that automatically flows text around a graphic image or from one page to the next.
One 's own signature (generally celebraties).
One 's own signature.
A technology or software that analyzes text and produces an index without human involvement.
Some indexed character of system performed automatically like file type, paging on text files, alphabetical arrangenent etc.
Auto indexing is the process of selecting of key words from a document by computer for use as index entries.
The person who runs the Auto Lathe machine.
To change or convert something in an automatic manner.
It is a laboratory machine made to process various samples quickly, with less human assistance.
An automatic format or means to Create bibliographies and citations quickly and easily.
A readly available dictionary which gives meaning immediately after assigning the word or phrase required.
Collection of terminology of various fields the source of which may be a system generated approaches, types or techniques.
A technology to provide connectivity between subscriber and office equipment lines in a telephone exchange main distribution frame.
An automatic architectures, strategies, and tools for technical management of the distributed system. It is a policy based approach to distributed systems management.
An office well equiped with automatic system of modern technology like electronic records, fax, email, copy machine, powerpoint and such other automatic facilities.
A concept to have a popular solution to office storage requirments with Automated Storage facility.
It is a readability test designed to gauge the understandability of a text.
A New York Stock Exchange system designed to uncover individual affiliations that might indicate possible insider trading. The system contains public data on approximately 500, 000 business executives and 75, 000 companies and subsidiaries.
In data storage, an automated tape library is a collection of magnetic tape cartridges and tape drives hardware device.
Automated test equipment (ATE) is computer - controlled equipment which tests electronic devices for their functionality and performance.
An automated type of machinery executing business - related tasks. It may be a computer or other type of machinery.
Which funtions by itself.
working by itself.
Not subjected to voluntary control.
Automatic Activation Device in skydiving terminology refers to an electronic - pyrotechnic or mechanical device that automatically opens the main or reserve parachute container at a preset altitude or after a preset time.
It is a backup system used by CommVault Systems Inc. servers in the early 1990s.
Signaling system that automatically moves up and down (generally on railway track).
An arrangement to draw from a loan account within a fixed limit by following a prescribed procedure.
Auto Call Director is a phone system which works with computerized program, it responds to the caller with a voice menu and connects the call to the appropriate agent and is capable to distribute calls equally to agents.
It is a device or system which distributes incoming calls to a specific group of terminals that agents use. It is often part of a computer telephony integration (CTI) system.
Formatting cell in excel with formula to get an automatic same output.
An arrangement where employer is allowed to effect deductions from salary for any contribution.
A binary computer storing information on magnetic tape rather than on punched cards, designed to handle business data. Binary Automatic Computer (BINAC) was introduced by Eckert and Mauchly in 1949.
A device which works in a manner independent of external influence.
Automatic dialog replacement studio is such a sound - recording studio which is used in motion - picture and television production.
A feature of printers having the ability to detect which emulation a print job is intended for, and automatically switch to that emulation.
An act of downloading the fonts through some source which will automatically be copied into the Windows Fonts folder.
Automatic head parking is an ability which moves the read / write head of a hard disk over the landing zone whenever power is shut off to ensure against a head crash.
A system through which invoices can be raised through operation by itself.
A search for an object module, a load module, or a program object and to have the same through data reachability algorithm, fine tuned to resolve library callbacks accurately.
A feature in an HF communications radio transceiver system, enabling the radio station to make contact, or initiate a circuit, between itself and another HF radio station or network of stations.
It was created as a joint venture by early editorial dot - coms suck. com and Feed Magazine.
Tools for automatically processing messages received or sent with Microsoft Outlook or Exchange / Windows Messaging.
A features of an e - mail program having ability to automatically route, print and otherwise process incoming messages - and outgoing messages as well.
A programme which was initiated by the UK MoD to facilitate replacement of old equipment and technology used in Communications Centres (COMCENs) for routing and distributing military messages between the MoDs main building and the Army, Navy and Air Force.
A center in which messages are automatically routed according to information in them.
An algorithm designed to prevent tracking of atrial tachyarrhythmias (ATA) or other rapidly occurring signals sensed by atrial channels, thereby reducing the adverse hemodynamic and symptomatic consequences of a rapid ventricular response.
A switching behaviour for traffic paths through a series of Network Elements configured in such a way that it functions automatically.
Automatic number announcement is an internal test service for telephone maintenance workers.
Machine that indicate numbers automatically.
A password remembered and displyed automatically with some softwares which may Store, manage and access all passwords required, in a single place.
It was the first engine knock and boost control system introduced on turbo charged Saab H engines in 1982 and was fitted to all subsequent 900 Turbos through 1993 (and 1994 convertibles), as well as 9000 Turbos through 1989.
Reappointment by itself; continued appointment.
A programme which includes an automatic recovery disk tool that scans any drives connected to computer and adds all of the recovery data to a CD or DVD.
Such an arrangement where banks / financial institutions can avail of refinance facilities automatically from higher financing agencies under agreed norms.
Arrangement of sharing the insurance of something between two or more companies to lessen the risk.
A system that fills (cash etc.) again automatically.
A receiver which can automatically and continuously sweep across a preselected frequency either to stop when a signal is found or to plot signal occupancy within the frequency spectrum being swept.
Automatic sensitivity control device is the circuit which is used to automatically maintain a radio receiver 's sensitivity at a predetermined level.
Automatic sequencing is a process of numbering the sides of the discs in many double and triple albums.
Automatic sequential operation is a process of numbering the sides of the discs in many double and triple albums.
A computer methods of placing labels automatically on a map or chart. It is related to the typographic design of such labels.
Automatic volume recognition (AVR) permits to mount labeled volumes on unused drives not managed by JES3.
Switching of an inlet valve wherein corresponding outlet valve is opened for 15 s to ensure complete exchange of the dead volume. Automated switching between the two piecewise linear approximations was correlated with automatic probe scanning to generate the waveform.
Use of machines instead of people to do a job.
A mechanical device that does work automatically.
Building an automation server and to incorporate it in any client application which is built over different environment creating a middle tier between a client application and the database.
It is a compact controller that combines the features and capabilities of a PC - based control system with that of a typical programmable logic controller (PLC).
A vehicle driven with the help of machine (a motorcar etc.).
The associated accessories of an automobile.
An organization of the owners of the companies that produce automobile.
The police officer entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the matters related to automobiles.
A mechanical device which having wheels and engine used for transportation.
Part of nerve system that controls involuntary actions of the smooth muscles.
Which is self governing.
having self government
Something that is related to autonomy.
Having power to govern a region / area without being controlled by any other body.
A body of self governance (Like municipal corporation).
A college which is autonomous from any university, though affiliated.
A district which is not controlled by outside administration, or whose administration is autonomous.
TO govern something independently without any control.
An organization which is not controlled by others or outside forces, which is independent.
In context of the Internet, an autonomous system refers to the compilation of IP networks and routers under the control of one entity.
In context of the Internet, an autonomous system (AS) is a compilation of IP networks and routers under the control of one entity.
Right of self government.
A condition in which there is arbitrary exercise of authority or power.
Having more than two sets of chromosomes all derived from the same species.
An organism having more than two sets of chromosomes, all of which were derived from the same species.
An examination through disection of a dead body.
An image recorded on a photographic film or plate produced by the radiation emitted from a specimen, such as a section of tissue, that has been treated or injected with a radioactively labeled isotope or that has absorbed or ingested such an isotope.
A feature of some keys on computer keyboards that causes them to repeat as long as they are held down.
A modem feature that enables it to send to a modem with or without built - in error detection and compression.
A three wheeler carrying two or three passengers.
A tricycle having motorcycle engine which is used as a passenger vehicle.
A mototaxi having three wheels which carries two or three passengers.
Automobiles or passenger vehicles used as taxi.
Auto sequencing is a process of numbering the sides of the discs in many double and triple albums.
A chromosome that is not a sex chromosome.
A feature in computer or programmed device which adds the number automatically.
Self - reproduction or self - replication.
Organism capable of synthesizing its own food from inorganic substances using light or chemical energy.
Self - nourishing. The ability of an organism to produce food from inorganic compounds.
self nourishing and able to build organic constituents from CO2 and inorganic salts.
An autotroph is an organism that produces complex organic compounds from simple inorganic molecules using energy from light (by photosynthesis) or inorganic chemical reactions.
A season that occurs between summer and winter.
an apparatus for measuring increase or rate of growth in plants. It automatically detects and measures plant growth and stores the information in a data logger.
Which provides help / support.
Which can come the purpose of an additional.
Such amount of capital which is supplementary to the main source of capital.
A separate branch or department of the armed forces having the specialized function of assistance.
Tax which is in addition to the existing one.
A unit of military personnel made for the purpose of providing assistance.
A nurse who works as one providing help to the main nurse.
Services which provide supplementary help to the main service, for example nursing staff in hospitals.
The period corresponding to the time interval between the read / write request and the availability of the data.
An additional battery attached or connected to starting battery.
The carry flag indicates a carry or borrow resulting from an operation. It is used to build multi - precision representations. The Auxiliary Carry is used for the carry out of bit 3 (0... 7) into bit 4 for use in BCD operations.
An average accessing time required to reach a storage location in auxilliary memory and obtain its contents. The access time between cache and main memory is 1: 7.
Any data storage medium that is not the main high speed computer storage (RAM). Also an online service store to support the various Auxiliary Districts as well as the overall Auxiliary program.
Besides cell elongation, some of several plant hormones which controls various functions in the plant.
inability of an organism to synthesize a particular organic compound required for its growth.
To furnish or to provide benefits.
To find or select something.
To take advantage or benefit of something.
Something that is accessible or is ready for use.
The state of being available.
Which is at hand.
Something that is capable of being used or accessed.
Assets which are at hand.
To obtain or to find something in a particular place.
It is the total availed time that a machine takes while working on the product. Machine time is used to measure any process that does not require Operator involvement.
It is the smallest single unit or point of a display whose colour and brightness can be controlled.
A list of unoccupied areas of memory in main or backing store.
The profit or extra funds that are present, ready for use or accessible.
It is the amount of time in a given period that a computing system can be used by its normal users.
To use something which is for ones own benefit.
To use the leave for someone 's own benefit.
A fall or slide of a large mass of snow or rock, down a mountainside.
A huge mass or block of a snow suddenly sliding downwards.
An act of proceeding or moving forward in a particular field.
Something that is invented through new experimental ideas.
A name for female individual.
A place where ruins of two temples namely shiv and vishnu temple are locate in the state of Kashmir.
Something that being incarnated.
To take revenge or to punish another for doing something wrong.
A broad road in a city usually having trees or plants lined along its sides.
A wide street that is planted with trees on either side of the street.
To say something firmly.
To declare that the fact is true with a strong confidence.
A figure obtained by dividing the total of given figures by the number of figures.
In insurance terminology this word means loss.
A system in marine or fire insurance where certain articles shall be free from average.
A common amount or an approximate mean.
The time a program or device takes to locate a single piece of information and make it available to the computer for processing. DRAM (dynamic random access memory) chips for personal computers have access times of 50 to 150 nanoseconds.
The average or mean of the total profit earned.
The amount of the average of the annual rent that has been reserved.
The average or mean of the total profit earned in a year.
The average rate of discount established by a bank.
A sorting algorithm on average which depends on the data to be sorted, also an expected running time of a variety of algorithms that perform set merging.
The algorithm used to compute the average bias image (or map) which is the `mean bias clip 'algorithm developed by J. Woo.
The current rate or average of profit.
Where a cash account is balanced daily or otherwise then totalled up and divided by the number of days in a specified period to show the average balance in that period.
The average number of students in a class of a school or college.
A part of a complex sentence.
Claim in fire insurance policy stipulating that certain articles shall be free from average unless general.
The mean of the measure of the information content conveyed by the occurance of one of the finite set of mutually exclusive and jointly exhaustive events, each with definite conditional probability, given the occurance of the another set of mutually exclusive events.
Cost which has been calculated as average by dividing the total cost of production by the number of units of output.
The total number of days of student attendance divided by the total number of days in the regular school year.
It is a balance of an account recorded on daily basis for a given period and then totalled. This amount is divided by the number of days in the period to arrive at average daily balance.
Total of deposits maintained in an account for a given period divided by the given number of days of weeks as the case may be.
Date of meeting an obligation (usually payment) calculated on average.
It refers to quantify the edge provided by moving averages of different lengths of time to see if the price closes above or below its moving average price.
Profits from office on an average.
Average amount of goods carried.
Area of agricultural land with a person or household arrived at by total holding area by the individual holders or families.
The average of the information content per symbol emitted from a source.
The average rate, measured in bit per second (bps), at which a public carrier network commits to support data transfer over a virtual circuit (VC) during normal operations.
Leave calculated on average basis.
The average or median of the losses incurred in a particular time span.
The average of the price of one unit of a commodity in the market.
The value of a commodity arrived at by the process of calculating average based on different value at a given time.
The average middle point between two sides.
The average of the final weights of something.
The average or median of the results of some calculation.
Transaction that reaches to an average with lot of profit.
The pay on average basis.
The amount of profit that has been earned on the basis of profit on different amount of profit on different items through the process of average calculation.
The tendency or inclination towards saving on an average basis.
The amount of one thing in relation to units of same thing worked out on average basis.
The average rate of one currency to another.
The average or median of the rates of income tax applicable for different classes.
Proportion of one amount in relation to the other calculated on average basis.
A logical factors with which most experts would attempt to explain fluctuations in the recovery rate.
It is one of the three delays associated with reading or writing data on a computer 's disk drive, and somewhat similar for CD or DVD drives.
The average time taken for a business to pay its creditors.
The average time taken for debtors to pay the amounts owing to a business.
The transformation between normal and relaxorlike behaviors which was found to be associated with a domain evolution from normal micronsized domains, to tweedlike subdomain structures, and finally to polar nanodomains.
An expression meaning that the insurer will pay for particular average but not general average.
Cost worked out on average basis which keeps on changing.
A process of calculation by assigninng weight to something and then calculate average.
A system in a stock exchange whereby a investor increases his / her sales / purchases as a result of price movement of shares in order to average out sale / purchase price.
A system in a stock exchange whereby a investor increases his / her sales / purchases as a result of price movement of shares in order to average out sale / purchase price.
A statement made with force.
Where one thing must be done in consideration of the other.
To declare or affirm a performance positively.
To have a strong feeling to oppose something.
A sense of disliking.
Disinclination towards something.
Prevent from happening something.
To prevent or to keep away something from happening.
To turn or to keep away from something.
related to birds
Something that is related to birds.
An enclosed structure having roof and walls used as a cage to confine bird in it.
An act of flying.
The skill of operating aircraft.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of giving suggestions and advices in matters related to aviation.
Civil aviation is one of two major categories of flying, representing all non - military aviation, both private and commercial.
The administrative division which looks after the works related to aviation.
any substance (normally, a chemical) which can be used to kill birds.
An act of showing great interest towards something.
An imprecise measurement of strength of antigen - antibody binding.
being keen or enthusiastic.
The birds of a particular region or place.
Not virulent or no more virulent.
not virulent or no longer virulent
diseases caused by the lack of one or more vitamins.
Which is subsidiary to the main occupation.
One 's regular work or profession.
Refrain from something or person.
Staying away from someone or something.
Not to do something deliberately.
To stay clear of or shun.
To annul or make void or invalidate.
To avoid something from happening.
To keep away or clear.
That can be avoided.
The reason or cause of something which could be avoided.
The delay in something which could be avoided.
Additional expenditure that can be avoided.
To invalidate a contract.
The act of avoiding.
The act of avoiding double taxation on the same income.
The act of avoiding double taxation on the same income.
The act of annulling or making void or invalidating ungrounded fears.
The act of annulling or making void or invalidating ungrounded fears.
The act of avoiding the payment of income tax.
The act of avoiding the payment of income - tax being exceptional.
The act of avoiding the liability of taxation.
The act of avoiding or stay clear of loss.
Act of avoiding payment of tax.
To stay clear of any legal proceeding in the court.
The sum of money that has been saved.
Avoiding to being served any kind of legal paper, for example, a summon for a legal liability.
Avoiding to being served any kind of legal paper, like summon, etc.
The age that has been confessed or acknowledged.
To affirm something very openly.
A type of language spoken by the Awadhi people
A region known as United Provinces of Agra and Oudh before Independence and is located in the centre of The state of Uttar Pradesh.
An act of waiting for something.
To expect something.
To get up from sleep.
To wake up.
Awaken or being aroused from the sleep.
Make someone understanding a situation.
When you realise that you understand something.
To get aware of something.
An official decision by a court.
A decision given by an arbitrator.
Something given as a reward.
To grant as merited or due.
A decision, such as made by a judge or an arbitrator.
A decision, such as made by a judge or an arbitrator.
To give a decision, such as by a judge or an arbitrator.
Something that is bestowed or granted.
Something that is received for doing well.
To present with a prize or certificate.
Something which can be granted.
To give the decision to give compensation to someone.
To give the cost suffered by a party in disposition of a given duty.
A decision which is to be enforced as a decree.
The authority giving the decision.
To give a decision, such as by a judge or an arbitrator.
Giving order for performance of some work.
The granting of a legal punishment, as by a court.
Category of staff governed by a specific set of rules.
The statement which states the decision of a court or other legal authority.
To realize or to have a knowledge of something.
To be alert or to be conscious about something.
Able to perceive something.
Ability to understand something.
A state of being conscious about something.
To come to know about something.
Something that is not in a correct place.
To go apart from something.
To move aside in a different location.
To have a mixed emotion of love and fear.
A feeling of strong respect brought about by something that is beautiful or sacred.
Something that is unpleasant.
Something that leads to awe.
To arouse with a feeling of awe.
Something that is outstanding or excellent.
Something that is very scary.
Something that brings negative thoughts or fear.
To do something for a very short amount of time.
An embarrassing situation.
An act of causing embarrassment or discomfort
Usually, awl nematodes are found in moist to wet soil, low areas of fields, and near irrigation ditches and other bodies of fresh water.
A roof like structure made of plastic or canvas used as a shelter.
A roof like structure, often made of canvas or plastic, that serves as a shelter, as over a door or window.
A roof like shelter made up of canvas or plastic usually placed over a storefront, window or door.
To be awake or stop sleeping.
To wake up from the sleep.
Turned in one side.
The growth of organisms of a single species in the absence of cells or living organisms of any other.
A culture that contains only one microbial species
Hand tool used for cutting wood.
In direction or around it or just located on an axis.
There are hollow axial spear or movable mural tooth in stoma.
In male or in female normally there are three basal knobs with Axial stylet.
The upper angle between a lateral organ such as a leafstalk, and the stem that bears it.
Situated along the central axis of an ovary having two or more locules
On an axis formed from joined septa; around the center of a compound ovary, the ovules are born.
A body part analogous to the armpit, such as the hollow under a bird 's wing.
relating to, or located in an axil.
A maxim that is universally accepted as true.
Something that is related to self evident truth that does not requires any proof.
A theory which deals with measures of complexity such as the size of a machine and measures of the computational overhead of recursive functions and to categorize computational problems and algorithms into complexity classes.
Evident without proof or argument; we can say it a truth which is self - evident. This is also applicable in any field of science.
an imaginary line passing through the centre of the body around which it. rotates.
Plant parts like branches or organs are arranged on the main stem or central part.
A supporting shaft or member on or with which a wheel or set of wheels revolves.
A bar on which wheels revolve.
A device fitted to guard axle from damage.
The weight of the axle.
a thread like process of a nerve cell along which the impulse passes away from the cell body.
Process of a nerve fiber that generally conducts impulses away from the body of the nerve cell.
The axial thread of a chromosome.
A name of a city from south east Peru.
Those who vote in favour of a proposal.
Sacred place of Hindus located in the district of Faizabad in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
A name of a river in Philippines.
A ancient Hindu art of making medicines.
Something that is related to a Hindu art of making medicines.
A Hindi term for being liberated.
An armed force formed by the Indian freedom fighters in Southeast Asia during World War II in 1942.
A city in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
failure of fromation of spermatozoa.
A group of people speaking Nahuatl language belonging to central Mexico.
Empire that began as an alliance from three cities of Nahua like Tenochtitlan, Texcoco, and Tlacopan.
A group of members belonging to the Aztec civilization.
A Portuguese or Spanish painting work done on the tin - glazed, ceramic tiles.
occuring singly, unpaired.
an zygospore formed asexually in fungi.
The cell formed by the union of two gametes, especially a fertilized ovum before cleavage.
A name used to address or refer a person.
A first maharaja or king of Patiala in India.
A Sikh saint who was renowned for his magical powers established Gurudwara in the town of Una.
A street located in the connaught place in the heart of Delhi city.
Name of the founder of the Mughal empire in Indian subcontinent.
A Sufi saint who was a religious guide of the Aurangzeb Empire.
A mixture of confused noise or sound.
A word derived from Persian word which means tiger.
an infant or a child who has not yet begun to walk.
An infant or a newborn child.
Bonds which are for small amount.
A city situated on the banks of River Euphrates and is a capital city of Babylonia.
Something that is relating to the culture of Babylonia.
A Greek religion known as a god of wine celebrating the power and fertility of nature.
A surname of a person.
An unmarried man.
A bachelor 's degree, usually involving three years, awarded for an undergraduate course or program in humanities, arts and some science subjects.
An undergraduate degree in commerce. The degree is designed to provide the student with a wide range of managerial skills while at the same time building competence in a particular area.
An undergraduate academic degree which qualifies the graduate as a teacher in schools.
An undergraduate academic degree awarded to a student who has completed four years course (eight semesters) in engineering.
A bachelor 's degree, usually involving three to five years, awarded for an undergraduate course or program in the sciences or scientific applications.
Persons who are not married and have reached to above age of majority.
An academic degree conferred on someone who has successfully completed undergraduate studies. Also called Baccalaureate.
The bacillary band is composed of tall columnar cells.
Consisting of small rods or rodlike structures
aerobic rod shaped spore forming bacteria, often occuring in chainlike formation found primarily in soil.
Any of various rod - shaped, aerobic bacteria of the genus Bacillus that often occur in chains
Any of various rod - shaped, spore - forming, aerobic bacteria of the genus Bacillus that often occur in chains
Bacillus anthracis is a Gram - positive spore - forming, rod - shaped bacterium
Bacteria belonging to the genus Rhizobium live freely in soil and in the root region of both leguminous and non - leguminous plants.
the posterior or rear part of a mamal from neck to the end of spine.
Something that is not in current time.
To move towards the former or first location.
To move in a backward direction.
To step back from a particular position.
The spindle for the back wheels.
A bar fitted on the back side of the vehicle.
To speak spitefully on someone 's back without his knowledge.
series of vertebrae forming the axis of spine and protecting the vertebral column.
A major part of central nervous system or a spinal chord.
Vertebral column, of a vertebrate organism.
A wiring between telecommunications closets, equipment rooms, and entrance facilities, including all cables, mechanical cable terminations, and intermediate and main cross - connects.
The Internet backbone refers to the main trunk connections of the Internet.
It is a part of computer network infrastructure that interconnects various pieces of network, providing a path for the exchange of information between different LANs or subnetworks.
A backbone network is a part of computer network infrastructure that interconnects various pieces of network, providing a path for the exchange of information between different LANs or subnetworks.
The cross of an F 1 hybrid to one of the homozygous parents
Giving effect to an entry earlier than the date on which entry is made.
Put a date on the cheque which is earlier than date of writing cheque.
A secret access entry point to a program or a system that is hidden or disguised, often created by the software 's author for maintenance and avoid the entry from an unauthorized user or malicious software is known as Backdoor.
It is a hidden method for bypassing normal computer authentication systems.
The type of finance provided which is either secret or does not conform to the rules.
To withdraw from the argument or claim.
To withdraw from an opinion or commitment.
A material or a curtain used on the backside of the set of play.
Unsharpened edge on a single - edged sword or the ragged edge of the paper as it comes from the papermaking machine.
A term used to characterize program interfaces and services relative to the initial user of these interfaces and services.
Amount which has been drawn before due or amount debited indirectly.
Back - end processor will collect all data from the database.
Back - end processor is the part of a compiler which transforms the human - readable program statements (source code) into machine - readable program statements (target code).
That amount of subsidy which is disbursed at the last lag of disbursement.
Person (etc.) who has invested money or supporting the financing of activity.
A function which select all faces facing backward relative to camera in every frame of specified range and performing the job of getting it deleted.
Something that does not occur as intended or occurs in opposite way.
A loud sound or noise made by the engine of a vehicle.
abnormal backward flow of fluids.
Circumstances that have influence over something.
A scenery or a ground located on the rear or backside of something.
A back surface of an element as either a color or an image.
Background communication is non - verbal communication comprised mostly of thoughts in ones head that exist during an interaction with another individual or group of people.
Display of an image as a Back ground image to stay in the Background.
Backgrounding should be done before the main work.
The ability to run an applications in the background.
Bj is robust, platform independent (including windows), and supports internal or external manangement of the background runner process.
It is used to illuminate the background area of a set which also provide separation between the subject and the background.
Background noise is not good for health.
Background noise is not good for health.
It is any sound other than the sound being monitored which is a form of noise pollution or interference.
The noise inherent in a line or circuit, independent of the presence of a signal called background noise.
By default, Microsoft Word updates page breaks whenever you pause while typing or editing. This is called background pagination. Background pagination is always turned on in print preview and page layout view, but you can turn it off for other views.
The write up prepared on the items to be discussed in the meeting or a theme of the event.
The settings or foreground of a picture.
Background printing facility is available in this printer.
Machine is doing a background processing.
A program that runs in the background to support or serve windows or an application, it has low priority in a multiprogramming.
Backhauling is a process of sending a network data over an out - of - the - way route, including taking it farther than its destination, in order to get the data at the end sooner.
A heat therapy which provides substantial non - surgical pain relief for many types of back pain and back injury.
Assistance or support including moral support.
The act of supporting a bill.
In off screen this content will store as a backing store.
The light fitted on the back side of a vehicle.
Backlighting is flat - panel display illumination from behind by which the foreground become more sharper appearance in contrast to the background.
Any incoming link received by a web node (web page, directory, website, or top level domain) from another web node is called backlink.
Such expenditure which is booked at the fag end of the year out of budgetary allocations.
Posts which have not been filled up.
Items of work which are pending for completion.
Accumulated unfinished work.
To move backward from a promise or draw away.
Part of main office which provides support to the activities of the main office.
Back Orifice is referred to a controversial computer program which enables a user to control a computer running the Microsoft Windows operating system from a remote location.
Withdrawal from the promise or failure to keep the commitment.
A bag made up of nylon or leather worn on shoulder during travelling.
It is the activity of filling up unspecified information of labels using appropriate semantic actions during the code generation process.
A backplane is a printed circuit board which connects several connectors in parallel to each other, so that each pin of each connector is linked to the same corresponding relative pin of all the other connectors.
Back pressure sensor is a transducer which detects and measures the instantaneous torque that a robot motor applies.
It is a common method of teaching artificial neural networks how to perform a given task.
Making a mention of previous thing.
support for back.
A room or a place located on the back side of the building.
A part of a human body that connects the neck and spinal chord together.
When the waves, particles or signals reflects back to the direction from which they originated is called Backscatter.
An X - ray - based technology which yields a high - resolution image of a person 's body beneath their clothing to reveal concealed objects is called Backscatter body scanning.
A part or side of an object that is opposite to its front side.
The data path which transfers data to and from the computer 's secondary cache and physical interference between the processor and Level - 1 and Level - 2 memory is called Backside Bus.
The backside cache is a level 2 memory cache which has has a dedicated channel to the CPU.
Something that is wrong or undesirable.
In keyboard we have 'backspace key' to delete the preceding characters.
In keyboard we have 'backspace key' to delete the preceding characters.
Backspace is the keyboard key that originally pushed the typewriter carriage one position backwards, and in modern computer displays moves the cursor one position backwards, deletes the preceding character, and shifts back the text after it by one positio
Backspace character is one of the facility available in keyboard.
Backspace character is one of the facility available in keyboard.
A control character that indicates moving a space to the left.
To move a typewriter carriage, cursor, etc. back along the same line one space at a time by depressing a special key.
The difference in the purchase and sale support.
A back side of a stage or a theatre.
A lane or a street in a city or a town which is remote from the main road.
An act of following one after another in a uninterrupted manner.
The issue of two credits which are almost similar in details except that the second one is usually for lesser amount of shorter maturity and issued on the basis of the first loan.
Two parties in different countries extend loans of equal value to one another, each loan in the currency of the lender and each loan maturing on the same date.
Practice of issuing a second letter of credit on the strength of first letter of credit to the beneficiary, who is usually a middle man.
Reverse from ones previous step or action.
An algorithm of backtracking based on assumption like the ATMS (Assumption - Based Truth Maintenance System) which provides a very general facility for all types of default reasoning.
Backtracking is a general algorithmic technique to find all possible solutions to a computational problem.
We can use backtracking to solve this computational problem.
Backtracking is a general algorithm for finding some solutions to any computational problem.
It is a general algorithm for finding all or some solutions to some computational problem which incrementally builds candidates to the solutions, and abandons each partial candidate c ("backtracks") as soon as it determines that c cannot possibly be compl
It is a subset or subdiscipline of procedural programming, one of the major programming paradigms using the structured approach to develop a backtracking algorithm.
Backup means making copies of data so that these additional copies may be used to restore the original after a data loss event.
You should make a backup to secure your data.
You should make a backup to secure your data.
Backup refers to making copies of data so that these additional copies may be used to restore the original after a data loss event.
An act of giving assistance or support.
To give someone moral or mental support.
To move in rear or backward from a certain direction.
These are the arrangements made to ensure continuity of operation in the event of disruption of existing arrangements.
Backup copy is necessary to retrieval the data.
Backup copy is necessary to retrieval the data.
A disk, tape or other machine readable copy of a data or program file.
The means which can be put to use in case of dislocation of original arrangements.
A compressed version of the original file is called Backup file.
Backup memory can be used in emergency.
Backup memory can be used in emergency.
Capacity of storing data in back up mode.
A method of offsite data storage in which files, folders, or the entire contents of a hard drive are regularly backed up on a remote server or computer with the help of network connection is called Backup on the web.
The unused pair of wires in the twisted pair cable used in a Token ring network which works as a path.
A computer backup and disk recovery program that allows us to create hard disk drive images and file backups.
He is very good backup programmer
Backup robot is an automated Universal Serial Bus 2. 0 external storage device that supports multiple removable Serial Advanced Technology Attachment hard drives.
The storage which is intended as a copy of the storage that is actively in use so that, if the storage medium such as a hard disk fails and data is lost on that medium, it can be recovered from the storage copy, which is called Backup storage.
An arrangement to provide substitution for continuity of work (when original arrangements fail).
Backus Normal Form (BNF) is a formal metasyntax, used to express context - free grammar, for specifying the syntax of programming languages, command sets, and other similar forms.
Payment of wages which pertains to the previous period (retrospective effect).
To change the position towards the rear or backside.
Toward rear direction.
Such facilities which are considered for undertaking a project smoothly before starting production (raw material) and after production (like marketing).
Areas where development has not taken place.
A consideration paid by a seller of a stock on the stock exchange for the right to postpone delivery for the time (generally buy a bear)
State of equilibrium which is directed towards the back.
Class of people who are retarded in progress.
The Commission made by the government for the investigation of the conditions of the backward classes and also the remedies to their problems.
A system is said to be backward compatible if it is compatible with or able share data with old versions of itself, or sometimes other earlier systems, particularly systems it intends to supplant.
A backward diode can be used for rectifying weak signals with peak amplitudes of 0. 1 to 0. 7 V.
Backward elimination is used in statistics.
It is a mechanism that, on discovery of an error, restores a system to an earlier state by undoing the effects of operations that have been performed since that earlier state was last current.
The reconstruction of an earlier version of a file by using a newer version of data recorded in a journal.
Algorithmic process used for routing traffic that surmises information by assuming symmetrical network conditions.
when a variegated plant changes to a solid color
An information recovery process, also referred as Backout which is one of the fundamental recovery mechanisms of CICS.
Toward reverse direction.
To reverse and to move in a front direction.
Tribes which are behind in progress.
It is a sort of vacuum tube which is used to generate microwaves up to the terahertz range.
Repercussion of the export in large quantity.
A portion of a river or a body of water that is backed by using some obstruction.
To sail or to travel about for a pleasure trip.
A stagnant water or water that is held by using some obstruction.
A portion of a land adjoining the backside of the building or a house.
A dried and salted meat of pig usually fried for food.
Transient presence of bacteria in the blood.
Single - celled microorganisms which can exist either as independent (free - living) organisms or as parasites (dependent upon another organism for life).
the group of bacteria which normally inhabits a body part or organ
preventing infection by inhibiting the growth of bacteria.
agent that destroys bacteria
a biologist who studies bacteria.
the scientific study of bacteria.
a virus that is parasitic in bacteria.
Any one of a number of viruses that infect bacteria.
Limit the growth of bacteria by interfering with bacterial protein production.
Capable of inhibiting the growth or reproduction of bacteria.
single cell or noncellular, rod shaped spiral organisms lacking chlorophyll.
The bacteria are a large group of unicellular microorganisms.
The baculoviruses are a family of large rod - shaped viruses
Something that is worse or not good in nature.
Something that is huge or larger in size.
Big commercial place.
A big baton, stick or wand.
Mass of tiny water particles in sky, when it condense rain happens.
A name of a male individual.
An edible seed resembling a oval shaped nut, having brown outer covering.
Name of a town in Karnataka 's Bagalkot district.
Debits which are bad and those which are not recoverable (doubtful of recovery).
The debts who have little or negligible possibility of repayment; debts given to those who have bad credit history.
The way or method which is unprofessional and uncivic.
The debts who have little or negligible possibility of repayment and therefore have been written off.
Conduct which is not good.
A feeling of intense hatred or hostility; enmity.
Person who has no moral qualities.
Person with no moral strength.
An allowance paid to employees who work in bed climatic condition.
A coin which no more can be accepted as a valid one.
When someone does not behave well in public or in his job.
The type of credit which is deficient.
Loan which has became bad of recovery.
The debts who have little or negligible possibility of repayment; debts given to those who have bad credit history.
The document which accounts the bad debts which have been recovered.
The debts who have little or negligible possibility of repayment; debts given to those who have bad credit history.
Loans which have been written off.
Account which shows amount recovered from bad debts.
Fund set aside to meet incidence of bad debts.
An account appearing in the books of an establishment where provision made for bad debts is shown.
The delivery of the shares which does not conform to the norms of the exchange and contain some deficiency / defect.
We can 't save anything on bad disk block
intention to deceive; dishonesty or treachery.
An act done with an intention to deceive.
With an intention to deceive; with dishonesty and treachery.
A distinctive emblem worn as a mark of some employment / status etc.
A distinctive emblem worn as a mark of some employment / status etc.
Something that is used to show sign of status.
The salary given according to the rank of the person.
A nugget, solid lump of precious metal.
To make fun or to tease.
Conversation that is done in a very funny or teasing way.
Something which is unacceptable or wrong according to law.
A river in Ajmer, Rajasthan, India.
The situation arising out of deficient lending turning bad.
The cases in which the person is question hardly makes their end meet.
A worker who has been appointed temporarily to do the work of a permanent worker who is temporarily absent.
Something that is not in a desirable or in proper manner.
A racket sport played by two opposing players in which a shuttlecock is volleyed on either side of the net.
Counterfeit, false or bogus money.
The goods to be carried which are not in good condition.
A bill of exchange which cannot be negotiated
A holy place of Hindu located in the district of Chamoli in Uttarakhand.
We can not use this disk due to bad sector.
An amount of money deposited for assurance of grant of service, but which fails to do so.
A title (right to ownership) when does not convey marketable title to the acquirer.
A name of a traditional community belonging to Indonesia.
A usually static device that regulated the flow of a fluid or light.
To make unclear or to frustrate someone.
Unclear; confusing; problematic
A place located in the kalahandi district of Orissa.
A container used for storing that is made up of a flexible material like plastic or paper.
A village situated in the northern part of Goa.
A beach situated in the north goa on the shores of the Arabian sea.
A beach which is often seen as an extension of Calangute beach located on the north part of Goa.
A suitcase or a container which a person uses when travelling.
alveolitis caused by inhalation of sugarcane dust.
A town located in the district of Darjeeling in West Bengal.
An outdoor place specially cultivated with floral and ornamental plants.
A city located in the bageshwar district of Uttarakhand.
Bags and suitcases which are carried while travelling - luggage.
A container or a suitcase that holds travellers articles or materials.
The van that come 's luggage of travellers.
The check point at railway stations, airport, etc where baggage is subjected to security checks.
An insurance policy that covers the risk of loss of baggages in transit.
Rules relating to carrying of baggage while travelling.
A place where small colonies of 9 Buddhist caves are located.
Buddhist caves originating from 5th and 6th centaury.
Capital city of Iraq located along the Tigris river.
Type of embroidery done using dye in terracotta shades.
Beautiful city located in the district of bageshwar in Uttarakhand
River that flows through Kathmandu valley in Nepal.
A mass - mailing computer worm, which written in pure assembly and affects all versions of Microsoft Windows is called Bagle (also known as Beagle)
Who selles something by keeping in bag.
Ancient Shiv temple located in the heart of town of bageshwar.
The foetus surrounded by fluid in a sac of waters in womb.
Portable container used to carry several items or articles.
Courageous or brave person.
City located in the state of Haryana.
Temple of Bahai people.
City located on eastern coastline in the district of ganjam in Orissa.
A district located in the state of Uttar Pradesh and shares an international border with the state of Nepal
One who prepares food in weddings and other functions.
An area or lane occupied by people who prepare food for wedding or any other occasions.
Upper limb of the human body.
Strong man
River located in the village of turupupalli in the district of chittoor in Andhra Pradesh.
A eggplant having a spiny stem with large leaves and bears a fleshy fruit.
Money or property pledged (with a court) to ensure release of an arrested person released for the time being.
The amount or guarantee provided for the release of arrested persons.
A temporary release from arrest by paying money as surety.
An offence for which the accused can seek bail.
An offence for which the accused can seek bail.
A provision in the Indian criminal law that allows a person to seek bail in anticipation of an arrest on accusation of having committed a non - bailable offence.
To secure the release of somebody by providing security.
A written and binding undertaking delivered to the court to secure release of a person on the condition that he surrenders to custody.
A document in which a prisoner and one or more sureties guarantee that the prisoner will attend the court hearing of the charges against him if he is released on bail.
One to whom goods are entrusted for safe keeping or for specific purpose.
A person to which possession of goods is transferred under a bailment.
It is a right available to the bailee to retain goods bailed to him as a security.
The right of the bailee to retain the possession of something.
A court official who attends to the work relating to arrests, writs and process.
A court attendant entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining order in a court room.
Where a person leaves goods in the custody of another with the understanding that he will receive it back when required.
Delivery of goods of personal property as security for a debt or obligation.
The coming to an end of the possession of goods under a bailment.
One who leaves his property with another for safe keeping.
A museum which is turned from bungalow to museum in the district of beeta gudda in Mangalore.
A place located in the port town of mormugao in goa.
An eggplant which belongs to solanaceae family which grows tall and has a large lobed leaves.
Food or other lure placed on a hook or in a trap and used in the taking of fish, birds, or other animals.
To harass or to worry.
The act of placing a lure in a trap or on a fishing hook; to set dogs upon for sport.
To set an animal upon for sports.
A soft cotton or woollen fabric usually found in green colour which is mainly used to cover gaming tables.
A kharif crop mostly cultivated in the month of June and July.
Armed officer of Chattrapati Shivaji.
Something that is harden and dried by subjecting to heat.
Something that is cooked, dried or hardened by heat.
One that bakes bread, cakes or pastries, especially commercially.
One who runs the business of baking bread and cake.
Place where goods like bread and cakes are baked.
A person who bakes cake and bread
an establishment which produces backed items.
A place or a shop where bread and cakes are sold.
The person who supervises the works in a bakery.
The name of a gond king of Devagad.
A small island located in the district of south 24 parganas in West Bengal.
A Shiva temple located in bakreswar in the state of West Bengal.
A small townlocated on the Siuri - Dubrajpur road in West Bengal.
An abbreviation used for the word balance.
A city located in the district of balaghat in the state of Madhya Pradesh.
A child.
The scales.
The scales.
Anything that is left over.
to maintain equilibrium
state of equilibrium
To come into equilibrium
The difference between total earnings and total expenditure.
A state of being stable or to remain upright.
An agreement between or the difference between credits and debits in an account.
The balance in an account which shows credit.
The balance after the deposit of some funds.
A book maintained in the bank showing balances under different heads of accounts.
The budget which shows an state of equilibrium in receipt and expenditure.
Balance that has been taken to next (page, year etc.).
Balance at the close of the day.
The remaining balance after all the transactions.
Certificate by the depositor account holder regarding balance in the deposit account.
A contra balance is the amount in the account of a creditor that is the opposite of the usual balance of such an account.
The total amount of credit.
Balanced lines are used in Telecommunication field.
The accounts with the balance calculated and finalized.
To ensure that only the money available is spent.
a wholesome diet
The total amount of the liability.
The process of growing that benefits maximum number of people belonging to different groups.
A system that maintains a recessive lethal allele at each of two loci on the same pair of chromosomes.
The Balanced Scorecard methodology is a strategic tool for measuring and evaluating organizational performance which translates a company 's vision and strategy into comprehensive set of action - oriented performance measures.
A B - tree is a kind of balanced tree that can have more than two subtrees at each node.
Such amount which either is to be paid or received and is appearing as due.
The calculation of the balance has been completed.
Such amount which is kept in foreign banks / institutions.
Balance which is available in hand.
The left over amount (payable) is paid.
After the deduction of debit from the total balance.
The total balance in all accounts.
The prevalence of one side according to convenience.
The amount that is required to be paid as liability on loans / borrowings to foreign countries.
The amount that represent the cumulative balance of losses.
The balance of all financial exchanges (like import / export) between one country and rest of the world.
The excess of income over expenditure that is reflected in the profit and loss account.
The difference between visible imports and exports.
The amount of balance (cash) at the beginning of the day.
The balance at the beginning of the day of business.
The balance amount that has not yet been paid.
The balance which is due for payment.
   
Something that can maintain or hold the equilibrium.
A financial statement showing the capital, assets and liabilities of a business entity on a certain date.
A balance sheet when used as a snapshot of the company 's financial position at a single point in time.
Balance sheet which shows integrated financial data of more than one unit.
A finalized and generalized balance sheet.
A separate or distinct piece of head under which information is categorised.
To calculate the balance of the books.
Amount shown in the credit of an account.
To deposit the balance to the account of an employee.
Amount of balance which is yet to be utilised.
The balance which is yet to be spent.
Funds kept with banks in countries other than India.
The process of taking balance (in accounts).
To manage to balance things.
The process of comparing debit and credit in an account and to make them consistent after analysing discrepancies if any.
Things that contribute in the process of balancing.
Act of establishing consistancy in the balances.
A city located in the district of Balangir in the state of Orissa.
inflammation of glans penis
inflammation of glans penis and prepuce
A town located in the district of Kheda in the state of Gujarat.
A beautiful city located in the state of Orissa.
A spicy, pickel like dish made up of seafood by Goan cuisine.
A gallery that projects out of the building mainly constructed on the upper floor of the building.
A portion that is built on the outer wall of the upper floors of the building.
Someone who lacks hair on the scalp.
A city in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India
A person who has a very less growth of hair.
hair loss
Raw or finished material tightly bound with a wire and also wrapped.
Something which is very deadly or injurious.
A river that is located in the eastern part of India which has the largest growth of mangrove forests.
An Island of Indonesia.
A city in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India
A small village located in the district of bhadrak in the state of Orissa.
A beautiful beach located in the city of Puri at east coast of Orissa.
A small village located in the district of bhojpur in Patna division of Bihar.
An island located in westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia.
A language spoken by people inhibiting on bali island.
a round object
A part of foot with distal heads of metatarsals, surrounded by fatty fibrous tissue padding.
Something that is circular or round in shape.
A name of a town in the Faridabad district of Haryana state.
A short folk poem which can be sung.
a joint in which the ball of one bone fits into the socket of another bone for free movement
A name of a city in Chandrapur district of Maharashtra.
Heavy material that is placed in the hold of a ship or gondola of a balloon to enhance stability.
A heavy material that is being kept in a vessel in order to give it stability.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of checking the ballast in a ship or balloon.
Machine used to convey crushed rock etc.
The person entrusted with the responsibility of checking the ballast in a ship or balloon.
A train that carries heavy material.
A type of classical dancing which creates expressions through the bodily movements.
Ball Grid Array (BGA) is a type of memory chip connection methodology, which is used for integrated circuits in the form of surface - mount packaging. BGA chips typically use a group of solder balls, arranged in concentric rectangles to connect to a circui
A person who is expert in movement of objects (missiles etc.) that are fired through the air.
The person who specializes in the study of dynamics of projectiles.
Something that can suspend freely in the air.
An object made up of thin rubber that can be inflated with air.
One of several small auxiliary gasbags placed inside a balloon
A balloon is an inflatable flexible bag filled with a type of gas, such as helium, hydrogen, nitrous oxide or air.
To go for a ride using a balloon.
The rate of growth with a flying speed.
The period of being mature (for payment) which is large.
A one time payment which is large in size.
The process of casting vote.
Piece of paper used to cast vote.
A piece of a paper or a ticket used by the person to register his or her vote.
Box in which the votes cast by voters are stores.
The government officer entrusted with the responsibility of looking after voting.
Paper on which ballot is recorded.
The voting in which the identity of the voter in not disclosed.
A number or amount that is almost but not exactly correct.
A circular object which is either hollow or solid used to throw, kick or hit in a game.
Something which acts as a pain relieving or curing agent.
A wildlife sanctuary located in the South Garo Hills in the district of Meghalaya.
A city located in the district of balrampur in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
An artificial lake located in Jodhpur  Mandore road and had a palace just next to the lake with three entrance gates.
A name of a region in north Pakistan.
A silk weaving center in West Bengal.
A name of a language from north western Iran.
A province in Pakistan which is largest in terms of area.
A name of a town in Dakshin Dinajpur district of West Bengal.
A equally spaced supporting structures of the railing.
A railing of a short series of pillars at the side of the gallery or balcony.
These have been set up in communities and are managed by local volunteers. They provide an atmosphere of joyful learning for 4 to 6 year olds and socialize the role of education in communities.
A mountain peak situated in the Himalayan region in India.
A place situated in the North Goa and is 7 kms away from the capital of Goa i. e. Panaji.
Giant treelike grasses grown mostly in the tropical areas.
Name of a guest house located at the edge of National Park & Mudumalai Wildlife Sanctuary.
A cylindrical woody hollow stem.
Saying that something should not be done.
An order that forbids something being done.
To stop or prohibit.
A very popular temple of Maa durga built in the city of Kanaka.
Capital of Karnataka and is located in the deccan pleatue in the south eastern part of Karnataka.
A Sacred Symbol and tool of divine Energy.
Treelike herb with huge leaves and bearing hanging clusters of elongated fruit.
Sacred place located on the bank of river Ganga in Uttar Pradesh.
River that originates from the Aravalli Range on the west side of the state of Rajasthan.
Type of insurance relating to bank.
A unit of currency in the international market.
A pattern showing coloured line or a small strip used as adhesive.
A group of people who have come together for a common purpose.
something that binds, ties together.
a tough tissue connecting two organs of the body
Nowadays FM band is famous among youth.
A term used in music, radio, society, to tie like rubber band or a wedding ring, neck wear and so on.
Nowadays FM band is famous among youth.
An association of people functioning together.
Something that is attached or is functioning together.
Form of traditional music played using brass instrument.
Capital city of Aceh situated on the island of Sumatra on the northern tip of Indonesia.
a piece of soft material used to cover a wound
Strip of a material used for covering or binding.
to apply a bandage
Tie dye method practiced mainly on the cotton or silk material.
A fort situated in the Bandhavgarh hill in the Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh.
A Park having huge breeding population of tigers in the Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh.
A technique used to dye cotton or silk cloth in order to create traditional Indian pattern.
A bandicoot is any of small to medium - sized of about 20 species.
The process of putting a strip to hold together notes in a packet / bundle.
A place located on the mountain side in Tanahu district of Nepal.
A wildlife sanctuary located in the southern part of Karnataka.
Range between two points to decide how much can be waived.
A band - pass filter is a filter of frequencies.
A band - pass filter is a device that passes frequencies within a certain range and rejects (attenuates) frequencies outside that range.
Band printers and line matrix printers are the two types of line printer.
Band printers and line matrix printers are the two types of line printer.
A line printer that uses a metal band, or loop, of type characters as its printing mechanism, the band contains a fixed set of embossed characters that can only be changed by replacing the band.
Sub urban area located on the north western side of Mumbai.
A strip of material used to bind or encircle.
Outdoor circular, covered platform placed in a garden for a band to play on.
a technique for effectively floating the rotor of a disc drive motor, thereby permitting small motions in the axial (non - critical) direction while maintaining significant stiffness in the radial (critical) direction which is achieved by providing an elect
A notch filter is a band - stop filter which is used for live sound reproduction.
It is a filter in signal processing, that passes most frequencies unaltered, but attenuates those in a specific range to very low levels.
Number of individuals uniting together.
Group of a persons that is functioning together.
A city situated in Indonesia in western Java.
The result of joining a group or cause that seem finally succeed without analysing things.
In computer networking, the term bandwidth often refers to a data rate measured in bits per second.
A rate of data transfer, throughput or bit rate, measured in bits per second, in signal processing a measure of the width of a range of frequencies, measured in hertz.
The Protocol, which is used to add or remove links in a multilink bundle over Point to Point Protocol duly specifying which peer is responsible for making decisions regarding bandwidth management is called Bandwidth Allocation Control Protocol.
A game resembling field hockey but played on ice by skaters.
To give and to receive from one person to another.
To discuss about something with the other person
An Act of exchanging blow or to fight.
by destructive manner
A sudden sate of excitement, pleasure or thrill.
A language spoken in the north east part of Congo in South Sudan.
City located in the south eastern part of Karnataka.
Residents that are staying in Bangalore are called as bangaloreans.
A town located in the kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh.
An ancient water tank situated in the Walkeshwar Temple Complex in Mumbai, India.
Name of a river in the Bharatpur district of Rajasthan.
Something that suddenly creates a loud noise.
A species of fish.
To collide into something or someone.
The capital and main port of Thailand.
The Bengali language.
A country in South Asia.
Plural form of "bangle" meaning a solid piece of jewellry worn around the wrist.
A city in south central India.
A person from Banglore.
The capital of the Central African Republic.
A type of rice used in Tripura 's Couisine.
to damage
A trader or a merchant (in India).
To send someone away from a country as punishment.
Act of expelling from the country.
Desert, Unfertile, Unproductive
A person from the Indian State of Rajasthan.
An institution that accepts money for deposit and lends.
Land along the side of a river.
Land along the side of a river.
A business establishment in which money is kept for saving or commercial purposes or invested, supplied for loans, or exchanged.
The sloping area of land at the side of a river or lake.
A financial establishment which handles people 's money and investments.
A bill which is worthy of being considered by the bank.
Parts of a larger group which have been considered to be worthy for banking.
Approval of a proposal by the bank.
A type of loan provided by the bank without specific consideration to customers of high integrity in time of need.
Residential place provided by the bank to its employees / officers etc.
An account held by a bank recording deposits and withdrawals of a customer.
To have an account for saving or commercial purpose in a bank.
Amount loan granted by the bank.
Bank which has been granted permission to deal in foreign exchange transaction.
A commission made by the Government of India in 1955 for inspection and report of the industrial disputes pertaining to banking.
The balance of customer 's account with the bank.
The balance in an account of a bank.
Balance sheet of a bank.
A bill of exchange drawn by a bank or accepted by a bank.
This is an account in the books of the bank that represents asset in the hands of the bank.
Amount that has been taken on loan from bank.
It is the rate of interest at which commercial banks are prepared to borrow from one another i. e. Money payable at call or at short notice.
Cash available with the bank.
Any fees that a bank assesses on account of a service.
Amount levied by bank for providing some service.
A row of the account book of the bank.
A bank licensed to carry out banking business as per banking Act.
The bank established especially for the support of commercial activities.
A percentage of charge to be received from the customer for providing a service or intermediary service.
Bonds which are issued in lieu of acquiring bank assets.
A bank registered under co - operative societies Act.
The bank established especially for the purpose of economic and financial cooperation.
Credit extended by bank.
Credit extended by bank.
Credit / Loans etc. extended by the bank.
The process through which bank create credit i. e. by sanctioning loans and overdrafts.
Notes issued by a central bank of the country payable to bearer.
An entry passed in the books of bank in an account of customer by which credit balance will be reduced.
Loan extended by bank.
The rate at which a bank gives dividend to the depositor for the use of their deposited amount.
An amount deducted from the face value of a bill of exchange when it is discounted by the bank.
A written order by a bank to its own branch or another bank to pay money specified.
Centres (cities or villages etc.) where adequate number of banks are functioning.
When a negotiable instrument is signed by an authorised person of the bank to give effect to the transfer of the instrument.
An individual or institution conducting banking business.
A person who receives or invests or pays out money.
A person who plays the role of banker for a company.
It signifies assent of the bank to pay a bill on maturity.
A general word that indicates that a loan or overdraft has been granted by the bank.
The Banker 's algorithm is a resource allocation & deadlock avoidance algorithm developed by Edsger Dijkstra.
The central bank of the country which enjoy the statues of banker to all banks (Reserve Bank of India).
The books of the bankers which are used for recording his / her transactions.
The books of the bankers which are used for recording his / her transactions.
Call rate is the rate of interest at which commercial banks are prepared to borrow from each other for money payable at call or short notice.
The right of a banker to hold any property of a debtor customer that is in his possession in the normal business relationship.
Transfer of interest in specific immovable property in favour of bank for the purpose of securing loan from the bank.
A written order of the customer to banker authorising him to make a series of periodic payments on customers behalf.
The pass book of the banker is used to record all the transactions to and from the account of the banker.
An order or draft drawn upon any bank in favour of another bank for settling some account between them.
It is a cash order issued by a bank branch at the request of its customer drawn on issuing branch itself.
Something which the bank has to take into account in order to prevent any possible loss / damage etc.
Bank engaged in business relating to exchange of currency.
The bank established especially for the purpose of exchange activities.
The amount of money made available by the bank for lending in various forms.
An intergovernmental organization of central banks which fosters international monetary and financial cooperation and serves as a bank of central banks.
Taking of responsibility by bank for repayment of debt or performance of obligation (on default).
The person posted at the bank premises to guard its property (generally with arms).
Which is not a working day for banks.
Time period during which banking transactions can take place.
Bank incorported in one 's own country.
The bank which has indigenous origins.
Bank that mainly deals with financing of industries.
The bank established especially for the support of industrial activities.
Carrying out functions of a bank i. e. generally accepting deposits from the public for the purpose of lending or investment.
The services and business conducted by a bank.
A bank loan made as an act of favour by a bank before formal credit arrangements are agreed.
An account maintained with the bank.
The process of arranging things for conduct of banking business and treasury operations.
An agreement or settlement pertaining to banking.
Arrangements relating to providing banking services.
The money or assets with which a banking company is running its business.
A process through which financial transactions are routed through banks (may be different banks).
An area consisting of bank branches defined for some specific purpose (Administrative or otherwise).
A company registered under the relevant Banking Companies Act, is transact banking business.
The extent of covering an area by providing banking services.
A time of acute difficulty for banking sector on account of one or various factors.
The amount of debt which the banking sector ows to others
The gradual growth of banking to make it more advanced.
Banking services making easy.
Financial resources or working capital of banks.
A regular tendency of availing / utilising banking facilities.
Prescribed hours for conducting banking business.
An institute (organisation) that is engaged in transacting banking business.
Rules established by legislature relating to banking.
A bill moved in the parliament to amend laws relating to banking.
A law or set of laws governing banking.
The process of working covering banking transaction of banks.
The method of operating banking business.
The methods of operations of the bank and their gradual progress.
General plan of action for banking sector.
The method of conducting banking business so that there may not be legal etc. consequences due to default.
Bringing banking operations into conformity with the rules / provisions of law etc.
Comprising of various financial institutions connected with banking business.
Making available different banking products.
Classified numerical data relating to banking.
The organisational set up of banking in a country.
The process of doing banking business.
The act of transacting business relating to banking.
The place where the treasure of the bank is kept.
A committee or person whose job is to make sure that banks do not do anything illegal or for handful interest of others.
An account in the bank books that shows investment details.
A bank which is public company quoted on the stock exchange.
A bank which deals exclusively in land mortgage.
The state of being merged into one bank to another.
The amount of money with the bank in different form.
To put banks under Govt. control by taking away from private sector.
Notes issued by a central bank of the country payable to bearer.
Which the bank has undertaken to perform or has to do under provisions of law.
A bank which has given its acceptance to pay the bill on maturity.
The name of the third largest bank in India.
To bank with.
The bank on which cheque has been issued.
Bank which has issued the notes.
Bank which enjoys good status and confidence of people.
To rely on something.
A steep natural incline; a shallow place in a body of water.
Allowed to borrower to draw more than what stands to his credit or which is more than the sanctioned limit.
A bill of exchange or promissory note issued by bank.
A book issued by a bank to record financial transaction in customer 's account.
Payments made by the bank in accordance with the instructions issued by the customer.
A note issued by a bank representing its promise to pay a specific sum to the bearer on demand and acceptable as money.
Remittances which are sent by the bank through postal facilities.
The building where the bank office is located / situated.
The rate that the Central Bank of a country would be prepared to discount on eligible bill.
This is the policy adopted by the central bank of the country (RBI) to give a signal to the money market / business community about the relaxation or restraint in credit expansion.
A receipt issued by the bank for receiving any payment / deposit etc. by them.
The amounts which bank has received on a specific date.
An analysis of differences between two sets of bank figures and make them consistent.
A statement showing reconciliation done to make the figures consistent.
Statements prepared on a particular date with a view to reconcile the two balances as reflected in the cash book and the bank pass book.
Status enquiry about a customer.
Profits and surpluses of the bank that have been kept for future or for a particular use.
The information compiled in a statement required to be submitted by the bank to various agencies.
In anticipation of some likely mishap (like bank failure rumour) when people in bulk start withdrawing money from their account.
Person who has been declared unable to pay his debts by a competent court.
When a person or organization is deemed by law as unable to pay their debts.
Complete loss of assets or state of being bankrupt.
The state of being bankrupt.
The court which deals with the disputes related to bankruptcy.
The condition of unable to pay his debt.
To deposit in or as if in a bank.
Shores of river or sea.
Banks which pays interest on savings.
A bank established especially for the purpose of savings.
A book maintained in the bank where cash transactions are listed.
Various types of registers that are used in the bank for recording transaction / information.
A bank account on which a rate of interest is payable.
Obligation of the bank to maintain confidentiality in all matters in the affairs of others.
Confidentiality of customer 's affairs.
Documents or assets deposited with the bank as security.
The series of bank notes issued by the central bank.
Banks which are not owned by the Government but controlled by private individuals / groups.
The account for investment made by the bank where security is not fixed.
The account for investment made by the bank which is in the nature of fixed type of securities.
A right of a bank to hold any property of a debtor customer that is in his hands in the ordinary course of business.
A local bank which involved in exchange from other banks like exchange for cheques, drafts, notes, etc.
The net difference between receipt and transmission of funds to and from foreign countries abroad which the bank is holding.
A duty of the bank may be legal or moral which is required to be performed or not to be performed for a particular function.
The slopping areas of land at the side of Lake Pichola.
The proportion of interest in the capital of the bank which a shareholder has.
A statement issued by bank containing details of transaction in a account.
Bank switching was also used to configure a system differently at different times.
Bank switching was also used to configure a system differently at different times.
Place where cash or valuables both bank are stored.
A condition where a bank is not able to pay its debts and is formally under the process of wind up as per law.
To mound something into a mass.
A strip of cloth with some slogan / or publicity material.
Banner blindness is referred to the trend in web usability where users on a website ignore banner - like informations.
A banner exchange is a confederation of a group of participating Web sites which display each other 's advertisement banners in exchange for credits.
Full name: Bannerghatta National Park. A wildlife reserve near Bangalore.
A village located in The Gambia.
An announcement, especially in a church, of an intended marriage.
To forbid recruitment.
A ceremonial dinner.
A feast or grand meal for many people.
A grand building used for holding formal dinners and banquets.
Plural form of "banquet" meaning a feast or grand meal for many people.
A village mountain in Rishikesh, India.
A temple found in Nannur, West Bengal.
A city in south Rajasthan, India.
An Indonesian province located on the island of Java.
A bay in the province of Banten, Indonesia.
An exchange between people of teasing remarks.
to say or do something in a bantering or teasing manner.
A thai house.
A small town in the Indian Pujab.
An Indian fig tree.
An Indian fig tree.
A type of well which has steps to enable to user to collect water.
A religious sacrament marked by the symbolic application of water to the head or immersion of the body into water and resulting in the admission of the recipient into the community of Christians.
Plural form of the word "baptist" meaning a member of the Protestant Church who advocat baptism of adults by total immersion.
To christen someone.
A tourist bazar in Rajasthan, India.
A tourist bazar in Rajasthan, India.
A restriction that prevents doing something.
prevent
a straight tough rod
A group of attorneys.
To obstruct or impede or block.
A horizontal bar.
The nullification, defeat, or prevention of a claim or action.
To nullify, defeat or prevent a claim or action.
Something that impedes or prevents action or progress.
A large piece of solid wood, metal or other material.
An act of restriction or ban.
A town in India.
The bazar or market held in the town of Bara in India.
Groups of people related by blood or marriage.
To obstruct or nullify.
A sow - headed Hindu goddess.
A town in the Bardhaman area of West Bengal.
The temples which are found in Barakar.
A main road in Delhi.
An area in Rajasthan in India.
A glacier in the Bara region of India.
To nullify or defeat a case.
In the court; before law.
A sharp point located near the end of an arrow or hook to make extraction difficult.
To do something in a barbaric and cruel nature.
To cause someone or something to become savage or barbaric.
To do something in a barbaric and cruel nature.
A lute of persian origin.
A food cooked outdoors on a open fire or rack.
The appliance used to cook meat and fish outdoors over a hot coals.
A wire for fencing with sharp curved points.
An alternative spelling of "barbecue" although not generally accepted.
An alternative spelling of "barbecue" although not generally accepted.
The outter defence of a castle or walled city.
a procedure in which involves the repeated injection and aspiration of a fluid
To become a barrister; to be accepted as a lawyer by the bar.
Bar code is a language which is read by machines.
Bar code is a language which is read by machines.
A barcode reader can read the printed barcodes.
A barcode reader can read the printed barcodes.
First bar code scanner was developed in the 1970s.
The person who operates the Barco Machine.
An organisation of lawyers.
Bar Council is a body which regulates the profession of barristers and lawyers.
The Bar Council of India is an autonomous body which governs the legal / law institutions in India.
A poet who recites poems in an oral manner.
A city in West Bengal.
A city in Gujarat, India.
An ashram which is located in Bardoli.
To be unclothed or uncovered.
Original text of the act with no commentry etc.
The opposing by a defendant of an allegation of plaintiff without proof.
To do something without shame.
Things which are essential means to make something easy.
An industrial city in northern India.
To be in a simple or sparse way.
Simple trusteeship of treasurer, without any other function.
An Indian sweet containing either carddamon or nuts.
A temple located in the town of Bargabhima.
A transaction done on negotiated terms.
To do something in return of something.
To negotiate the terms or price of goods or services.
An agreement between parties fixing obligations that each promises to carry out.
To dispose of the goods even at loss.
To except something.
Who is in a position to dictate term in the process of negotiation.
Your capacity to extract maximum during the course of negotiating a deal.
A right to bargain available under certain condition / circumstances.
To except something.
Goods which are available much below their fair value.
An item available at cheap rate.
An item bought for less money than expected.
Goods offered at a price which is lower than the market place.
To finalise a deal on less price.
A long shallow boat used on canals.
A long, large usually flat bottom boat for transporting freight that is generally unpowered and towed or pushed by other craft.
A large open boat used for parties, pageants, or formal ceremonies.
A trip or journey in a barge.
A warrant officer or petty officer in charge of a ship 's rigging, anchors, cables and deck crew.
Bar graphs are used for comparing two or more values.
Escalate, Step up
Turn, Round, Rotation
A city in the state of Orissa, India.
a procedure in which barium is injected into the colon and x - rays are taken
a procedure in which baruim is taken by mouth to study the stomach and duodenum
a procedure in which baruim is taken by mouth to study the esophagus
the outermost layers of stems and roots of woody plants
A skiff or small boat.
The exterior part of a tree.
A breed of small Asian deer.
To remove something.
To pursue a false trail.
A hardy, cultivated cereal used for brewing.
In bar menu we have many different options.
In bar menu we have many different options.
In bar menu we have many different options.
It is a region where computer menus are housed.
An area in Rajasthan in India.
A large farm building.
A place or container to keep grains.
A tour of a rural district, focusing principaly on barns.
A city in Gujarat, India.
Obstruction of the right and power to interpret and apply the law.
A rectangular block of silver metal.
The prevention of a court proceeding to recover a claim or right.
A small village in the Himachal Pradesh, India.
an instrument to measure atmospheric pressure
Such an stock (share etc) which gives an idea of the changes that are happening.
To complete something in a barrometric manner.
Describes a style of art, music and architechture typical of Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Change of position of a plant or sedentary animal in response to a barometric stimulus.
Bar printer is a form of high speed impact printer in which one line of type is printed at a time.
A group of buildings where soldiers live.
Housing for soilders.
To jeer loudly to distract someone.
A town in West Bengal, India.
Plural form of "barrack" meaning housing for soldiers.
Heavy bombardment.
Dam, A barrier to store or obsturct the water.
An artificial obstruction, such as a dam or irrigation channel, built in watercourse to increase its depth or divert its flow.
An unlawful breach of duty on part of a ship 's master or crew resulting in injury to the ship' s owner.
Something that has been prevented or prohibited by law.
Prohibited by the specified period during which an action may be brought.
Something that is barred for action after lapse of prescribed time period.
Prohibited by a specified time limit.
a cylindrical container
A large cylindrical container with a flat top and bottom of equal diameter.
A high speed printing machine having a hopper for loading the barells from where they travel on a conveyor and into a chute and directly fall onto the fixtures which are moving on the linear indexing system.
Plural form of "barrel" meaning a cylindrical container for wine or beer.
shaped like a barrel
Which is not fertile.
Empty, lifeless or desert - like.
Land which is unfit for vegetation.
To block or defend using a barricade.
A barrier to stop or delay movement.
Any obstruction that restricts movement.
obstacle
A fence or barricade to prevent movement.
A structure, such as a fence, built to bar passage.
The person in - charge of a government barrier.
a membrane that seperates maternal blood from fetal blood
The plural form of "barrier" meaning a fence or barricade to stop movement.
Except for.
Except for.
A person in court who acts as an advocate.
A lawyer admitted to plead at the bar in the superior courts.
The plural form of "barrister" meaning a person in court who acts as an advocate.
Cart. A two wheeled vechicle made up of wood, oftenly drawn by horse or pony.
Plural form of "bar" meaning an entertainment location, usually serving food and drink.
A system of trade in which goods are exchanged for other goods.
To exchange goods without using money.
To exchange a commodity with someone.
The act of exchanging a commodity with someone.
In countries which are short of hard convertible currencies the barter economy is a mode of international trade.
The act of exchanging a commodity with someone.
A system of trade under which goods are exchanged for goods (anything but money).
An agreement which is for exchange of one commodity with another like food for oil.
A religious Apostle who travelled to India.
The prevention of the rights of a court to intervene in the disputes arising out of certain treaties, agreements, etc.
The prevention of courts from interfering in electoral matters.
The prevention of a court proceeding to recover a claim or right.
a procedure in which baruim is taken by mouth to study the esophagus
A city in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Indian exclamation meaning "Stop!"
Located at or near the base of a plant stem, or at the base of any other plant part
Spine - like inward projection of the cuticle in arthropods on which muscle is attached.
The principal site of vegetative activity.
Structure at the base of a nematode stylet.
Lamellar support structure for the nasal turbinate, originating from the lateral nasal wall.
Innermost layer of the epidermis.
the amount of energy used when the body is at rest
the amount of energy used when the body is at rest
The placenta is at the base (bottom) of the ovary.
the portion of the neural tube ventral to the sulcus limitans.
An electron dense ring at the most posterior position of the apical complex.
The basal sclerite is subquadrate, with a length about four times its width and articulates with the exo - skeleton of the head
A dark volcanic rock used in building structures.
One of the six seasons corresponding to Spring.
A town in the Andhra Pradesh area of India.
A religious Hindu leader.
A residencial and comercial locality in Bangalore, India.
Foundation or bottom part of something.
a substance that can accept hydrogen ions (opposite of acid)
the lower most part of an organ
Normally used in chemistry as an aqueous substance that can accept hydrogen ions.
Base part is very important in transistor.
The lowest part of a structure or item.
An operations centre usually for military purposes.
A fortified centre of operations, generally military operations.
The lowest or the bottom part of anything.
Something that is inferior in value or quality.
An act of addressing in which the specified address is added to the contents of a base register containing a base address to produce a direct address.
A register in computer system which provide both size and data type information.
'Ethernet' is an example of a baseband network.
'Ethernet' is an example of a baseband network.
It is an adjective in telecommunications and signal processing, which describes signals and systems whose range of frequencies is measured from zero to a maximum bandwidth or highest signal frequency, sometimes used as a noun for a band of frequencies
It is a channel (e. g. a telecommunications system) which can transfer frequencies that are very near zero. Examples are serial cables and local area networks (LANs).
A local area network in which information is encoded, multiplexed, and transmitted without modulation of carriers.
A system which transmits signals without converting them to another frequency is called baseband system and is characterized by its support of one frequency of signals.
Communication mediums mostly uses baseband transmission.
Communication mediums mostly uses baseband transmission.
Metal which is not pure and low in value.
Fraudulent copy of a original coin.
The coins which have lost value due to wear and tear.
To indicate the principal location of something.
Data which form base of something and is the main factor for analysis.
Something used for the starting point for something else.
The officer of the engineering of the lowest part of a structure, considered as a separate unit.
cloth forming main ingredient.
Societies which are considered to be serving at the grass root level i. e. villages e. g. primary agricultural societies.
1. Valid and reliable information about the intended learner population used to ascertain differences between learners' performances before and after instruction. 2. A set of measurements (metrics) that seek to establish the current starting level of a performance. These measurements are usually established before implementing improvement activities.
A line serving as a basis as for measurement, calculation or location.
An assessment of a child 's skills and abilities usually made by a teacher within the first seven weeks of starting primary school.
A survey designed to establish initial conditions against which the effects of a finished project can be compared.
To do something without moral principals.
The lowest floor of a building.
A part of a building which is completely below ground.
thin fibers sheet which underlies epithelium.,
A thin membrane upon which is posed a single layer of cells.
It is a computer number system in which a single base, such as 10 in the decimal system, is replaced by two number bases used alternately, such as 2 and 5.
The base number is part of number system.
The office which has all the resources to guide and control other offices.
The lowest part of the Stupa.
Period which is at the bottom or a starting point.
The lowest price that can be quoted.
The basic lending rate of a bank on which its lending and deposit rates are founded.
A hardware element which holds a number that can be added to (or, in some cases, subtracted from) the address portion of a computer instruction to form an effective address. Also known as B box; B line; B register; B store; modifier register; index register.
Base register holds numeric values.
A register which acts as a address holder of the base storage location from where the datas were stored continuously.
In the area of wireless computer networking, a base station is a wireless access point for computers with wireless cards and may also be the gateway between a wired network and the wireless network.
The residue or amount which is excess at the base level.
Base table can be created by the 'CREATE TABLE COMMAND'.
The officer in charge of provision of minimum food supplies.
Basic volume of data to be created and stored by a manager.
The year which is adopted to be the base year for calculating index numbers.
The year serving as a basis for measurement or calculation.
To do something in a shy manner.
An art form from India which is formed by miniature Pahari paintings.
Which is elementary.
Which is fundamental.
BASIC programming language is famous for use on personal computers.
BASIC (an acronym for Beginner 's All - purpose Symbolic Instruction Code) is a family of high - level programming languages in computer programming.
BASIC programming language is famous for use on personal computers.
Simple, without luxury.
Of, relating to, or forming a base.
Programming environment called Microsoft Visual Basic, which also ships with Microsoft Access, As regards HTTP transaction, Basic access authentication is a methodology to allow a web browser, or other client program, to provide credentials  in the form
A function of a mainframe operating system that enables access to data on disk, tape or other external devices.
In the most basic of manners.
The products which are basic or intermediate in the production of some other commodity.
Basic assumption are covert group processes that co - exist with the manifest work function of the group wherein examaning group process and recovery from addiction is required to be studied.
A computer program which transfers to main memory an exact image of the binary pattern of a program held in a storage or input device.
Basic Binary Loader from the device serves as the Standard Input unit wherein Basic Control System may also be loaded from magnetic devices.
The parts of something that are essential for its functioning, effectively or value.
Cost which include direct cost of production and no overheads.
Basic direct access method (BDAM) is used for direct access storage.
A rate of tax generally calculated as percentage of value of the goods.
Education which is introductory or of primary level.
In India, the education in which all teaching is correlated with the learning of a craft.
The person who has been entrusted with the responsibility of providing basic education.
The encoding formats defined as part of the Abstract Syntax Notation One standard specified by the International Telecommunication Union is known as Basic Encoding Rules (BER).
Something most important and necessary part of related to the incident.
In visual basics it is getting and setting file, directory, and drive properties.
The basic file system is also known as the 'Physical IO level'.
The basic file system is also known as the 'Physical IO level'.
The basic structure of the file system which is independent of machine considerations. Within a hierarchy of files, the user is aware only of symbolic addresses. All physical addressing of a multilevel complex of secondary storage devices is done by the f
The form which relates to the basic elements of something.
An industry of fundamental economic importance for the country.
chromatin which stains readily with basic dyes
Industry which is of fundamental economic importance.
The industry which produces commodities for the fulfillment of basic needs.
A standard library to interact with the user by printing messages on the screen and getting the user 's input from the keyboard.
BIOS is a part of the computer 's operating system that is built into the machine, rather than read from a disk at startup.
The Basic input output system (BIOS) is boot firmware, designed to be the first code run by a PC when powered on.
Basic instructions are changed by the program.
Basic linkage is a computer coding.
A logic structure in computer programming, in a loop structure, the program asks a question, and if the answer requires an action, it is performed and the original question is asked again until the answer is such that the action is no longer required.
Which are essential for survival / living.
A supportive numbers.
A foundation number.
Output is information that the program tells the user. The most basic way to do this is writing text to the console.
The minimum amount of salary fixed.
Basic pay is the payment calculated without adding the allowances.
A minimum period fixed for something.
A minimum period fixed for something.
The essential initial period for the payment of a liability.
The rate that represents the marginal cost of borrowing funds.
The rate of minimum payment for workers determined by the government.
A basic real constant may be written with more digits than a processor will use to approximate the value of the constant.
The simplest foundations of something.
Scale relating to pay based on which other emoluments are calculated.
Basic scale of pay is the payment calculated without adding the allowances.
Basic sequential access method can be used for both devices which are naturally sequential like punch card readers and printers.
Compilation of statistics in return form which are of base value.
A dance move which defines the character of a particular dance. It is also a designed basic to go step - by - step in some fields.
The bottom or foundation of a structure.
List of duties imposed on imports or exports which is the minimum.
The rudimentary or elementary type of artisan.
Importing basic knowledge of same work.
The elementary training of some trade, craft or art.
The value below which it will incur a loss.
Basic wage is the payment calculated without adding the allowances.
The produce or return you derive which is minimum from agricultural operations.
The earnings on securities which are considered adequate.
any of a group of fungi constituting the phylum Basidiomycota.
a spore that is borne by a basidium
a special form of sporophore, characteristic of basidiomycetous fungi.
attached at or near the base, as a leaf to a stem.
any of several aromatic herbs belonging to the genus Ocimum, of the mint family.
A herb similar to mint.
A large building in an oblong shape with double colonnades.
the depression in an apple, pear, or other pome at the end opposite the stem.
A wide bowl or container used for storing food or liquid.
A broad tract of land in which the rock strata are tilted towards a common centre.
Plural form of "basin" meaning a wide bowl or container used for storing food or liquid.
The basal joint of the legs of Crustacea.
Bacteria (no taxonomical definition possible, all species lumped together)
Relation which provides foundation for something.
The support or foundation of an idea or cause.
The foundation upon which the charge of something is based.
Factors on which rough calculation / projection are based.
The fact which has been considered while deciding exchange.
The original point from which something (like index) starts.
There are tarsal segments in the leg of an insect the first segment is called basitarsus.
the only distinctive species character in the subfamily Amitermitinae.
To lie exposed to warmth for pleasure.
A container used to hold or carry items.
A game played between two teams of five players who try to put a ball into a basket.
A group or range of currencies adopted for exchange purpose.
to deal in different selected products for trading.
Plural form of the word "basket" meaning a container used to hold or carry items.
When estimation of value is based on a group or range of currencies and not on one single currency.
A type of long - grain rice from India with a delicate aroma.
a white blood cell which is easily stained by basic dyes
A valley in Himachal, India.
An almost - flat sculptural relief where no part of the sculpture is undercut.
Sculptural relief which projects very little from the background.
A fish common to European fresh waters.
A port in south - west Burhma.
A fort located in Bassein.
any of several strong, woody fibers obtained from phloem tissue
A constituency in Chhattisgarh.
To corrupt a language or art form by adding new elements.
Soft, woody, durable plant fibre found in the phloem of certain mainly dicotyledonic, plants.
A projected part of a fortified building used to strategically fire at the enemy.
The plural form of "bastion" meaning a projected part of a fortified building used to strategically fire at the enemy.
An Indian dessert made mainly of milk.
An act to play with ball in the game of cricket.
A town in the Nagaon region of India.
A language spoken in Indonesia.
An Indian dish made up of potatoes and spices.
A municipality in the Gurdaspur area of Punjab, India.
A typical Indian biscuit.
A set of similar things.
A lot of articles.
Order or series of a group, also A text file in DOS, OS / 2, and Microsoft Windows, containing a series of commands intended to be executed by the command interpreter.
Batch allows sharing of computer resources among many users and programs.
Batch allows sharing of computer resources among many users and programs.
Batch allows sharing of computer resources among many users and programs.
A group of goods produced at one time.
Calculating cost for each batch.
A method for inhibiting repetitive message detections in a paging receiver operating in a time sequential zone.
A program or set of commands which runs automatically in a certain time without user intervention is called Batched job.
A batch file containing data that is processed or transmitted from beginning to end.
A batch file containing data that is processed or transmitted from beginning to end.
Batching mostly used in 'Ceramics technology'.
Batch operating system collected the data in batches.
Position of a plurality of batches, priority and non - priority messages of variable length received for wireless transmission to a selective call receiving device, each message being associated with a frame number and each batch having a plurality of posit
A type of computer system in which computer does several jobs one after the other automatically.
Batch processing is the serial execution of computer programs.
Batch processing is execution of a series of programs ("jobs") on a computer without human interaction.
Batch processing is the serial execution of computer programs.
A batch region is a processing environment for running batch mode jobs using a local batch.
Batch session is worked on the entire file.
Creating, executing and checking a programme with a successful session status, it also Implies a non - interactive or non - interruptible operation from beginning to end.
Batch system is not working properly.
Batch system is not working properly.
A computer software that performs job scheduling. Its primary task is to allocate computational tasks, i. e., batch jobs, among the available computing resources.
Batch terminals are used in printers.
Batch terminals are used in printers.
A terminal that is designed for transmitting or receiving blocks of data, such as a card reader or printer.
The final number of group of things when every thing has been counted.
A village in the Narsingphur area of India.
The Agra Cattle Fair held in the town of Bateshwar.
A temple of the Lord Shiva.
to wash and clean one 's body especially with water
A large container of water used for cleaning the body.
To have been washed by submerging the object in water.
To be washing oneself in a bath.
A broad flight of steps leading down to the bank of a river.
A room in a house or building which contains, traditionally, a toilet and a bath.
The plural form of "bathroom" meaning a room in a house or building which contains, traditionally, a toilet and a bath
The plural form of "bath" meaning a large container of water used for cleaning the body.
A large container of water used for cleaning the body.
A hard bread from the area of Rajasthan.
A method for creating coloured designs for textiles by waxing parts of the textile which are not to be dyed.
The commanding officer of a battalion is the Battalion Commander.
A wooden or metal strip made for holding things.
A long strip of metal or wood which is used to hold something else in place.
To strengthen or fasten something down.
To prosper at the expense of someone or something else.
A liquid mixture of eggs, flour and milk, used to coat food before frying.
To describe that a food item has been fried in a liquid coating of eggs, flour and milk.
To describe that a food item has been fried in a liquid coating of eggs, flour and milk.
A source of power formed by one or more cells which creat chemical energy.
Two or more connected cells that produce a direct current by converting chemical energy to electrical energy.
The person entrusted with looking after the battery.
The technical specialist who specializes in the charging of a battery.
A gunner in the artillery unit of an army.
A fight between large forces or armies.
The place where a battle takes place.
Describes a wall or building which has square or rectangular holes for shooting.
A whole in a wall designed for shooting the enemy.
Baud is a unit of measurement that denotes the number of bits that can be transmitted per second.
In telecommunications and electronics, baud is synonymous to symbols or pulses.
The garbage one gets on the display screen while using a modem connection with some incorrect protocol setting (particularly, line speed) or picking up a voice extension in single line, or when some bad line noise disrupts the connection, is called Baud B
Each symbol in Baud rate can represents one or several bit of data.
A clay rock which contains mainly aluminium.
The place where bauxite can be found and excavated.
A community of people from the area of Rajasthan, India.
A river located in the area of Bawanthadi, India.
For something to be humorously indecent.
The action of shouting noisily.
A broad part of seashore where the land curves inwards.
A body of water partially enclosed by land but with a wide mouth, affording access to the sea.
A Bayesian filter is a program which evaluates the header and content of an incoming e - mail message and determines the probability that it constitutes spam.
A river which merges into the sea through a bay.
The bay which is found in Begal.
A market in a Middle Eastern country.
A bazaar, meaning market in a Middle Eastern country, held in the town of Kesarian.
A street of small shops.
The discount rate on bills of exchange that varies according to market trend.
The abbreviation attributed to the British Broadcasting Corporation.
The abbreviation attributed to the phrase "before Christ" and used to indicate a date that is before the Christian era.
The full form of BCC is a 'Blind carbon copy'.
In binary coded decimal adder we should only apply input values from 0.. 9.
In BCD adder we should only apply input values from 0.. 9.
A circuit for adding two BCD encoded operands and for producing a BCD encoded sum includes a bank of parallel full adder circuits as a first stage which generate an intermediate sum vector and an intermediate carry vector from the sum of the operands and
BCNF was developed in 1974 by Raymond F. Boyce and Edgar F. Codd to address certain types of anomalies.
It is a normal form used in database normalization. It is a slightly stronger version of the third normal form (3NF).
The action of existing or taking place.
The action of having a state, quality or attribute.
A wide expanse of sand next to the sea.
The shore of a body of water, especially when its sandy or pebbly.
The action of looking for things of interest on a beach.
A description of something which has been stranded on a beach.
An area near sea shore.
The naval officer in command of the beach master unit of the naval beach group.
Describes something which is at the side of a beach.
Clothes which are suitable for use on a beach.
A fire or light used as a warning or signal.
A signaling or guiding device such as a lighthouse, located on a coast.
A small piece of stone, glass or wood which is used to make jewellry or adornments.
Roots with swollen tips.
chain of bones in neck of spinal cord.
a line of beadlike eminence at joining point of a rib and cartilage
The plural form of "bead" meaning a small piece of stone, glass or wood which is used to make jewellry or adornments.
a ray of light
A solide piece of material relatively long and uniform in shape.
Beam helps to guide airplane pilots in darkness or in bad weather.
A column of light.
Diversion of beam which depends on its length, its cross - sectional shape, the material, where the deflecting force is applied, and how the beam is supported.
The amount or intensity of a beam, mostely a Laser beam intensity, the profile which is known through a computer generated hologram or a fabricated mirror like nonaxisymmetric mirror.
The plural form of "beam" meaning several columns of light.
The bar of weighing scale.
Seeds of plant of the family Fabaceae.
An edible seed grown in long pods.
The plural form of "bean" meaning an edible seed grown in long pods.
The sprouting seeds of a specific kind of bean.
A speculator on the stock exchange who anticipate fall in the value of certain securities which he sells to buy it later although he does not possess them.
A large mammal which usually lives in woodland.
The action of carrying something.
The ability to endure something.
A way to describe something as capable of enduring something difficult.
The action of turning away from the wind.
The hair covering a man 's chin and cheeks.
A way to describe a person who has a beard.
Attachment of group of hairs or bristles on certain plants, to a sepal or petal.
The action of draging down and being a weight for someone or something.
One who carries something.
A person or thing that bears, presents or upholds.
A bond which is not registered in the books of the company and transferable by delivery.
A bond issued with detachable coupons that must be presented to the issuer for interest payments.
A document issued to testify the credentials of the holder of the document.
In a Common Channel Signaling scheme for telephone systems, the carrier of the customer 's data, voice or video is called Bearer Channel and is not used for telephony signaling.
A cheque payable to the bearer.
A bill of exchange drawn on a bank by the holder of a current account.
A security that functions as a stock option by giving the owner the right to buy ordinary shares in company at a specified date, often at a specified.
On acceptance of the offer and cheque for new issue a temporary document is issued which is negotiable and has to be exchanged when bond is ready.
A security that functions as a stock option by giving the owner the right to buy ordinary shares in company at a specified date, often at a specified.
The manner in which one carries or conducts oneself.
Direction, especially angular direction measured from one position to another using geographical or celestial reference lines.
Something which has a stamp of a value that is not less than its own value.
force used by women during childbirth
To be related to or having relevance for something.
Having relation or relevance to the question.
The person who operates the bearing recorder.
The awareness of one 's location.
Something which has a stamp of a value that is prescribed for a instrument.
To be related to or having relevance for something.
Where prices are decreasing.
A way of describing someone or something that looks like a bear.
The downward trend in the market which continues.
The action of having an affect on something.
The action of justifying or confirming a claim.
When bears are aggressively active in the share market to bring down the price.
To be accountable for the payment of the cost.
To be accountable for the payment of the expenses.
To carry in mind real trust and loyalty towards something.
The action of enduring hardship with a smile.
Usually conjugated with a personal pronoun meaning to wait for someone.
A small townin Punjab, famous for the Radha Soami Satsang Beas.
A river in the north of India.
A large, dangerous animal.
A way to describe something as unkind.
A way to describe something as cruel.
An animal, such as donkey, ox, or elephant used for transporting loads or doing other heavy work.
The plural form of "beast" meaning a large dangerous animal.
rythmic movement as of the heart
To make sound on regular interval.
The action of defeating someone or something.
To strike repeatedly.
A stoke or blow, especially one that produces sound or serves as a signal.
to search anxiously
Created or formed by hammering.
To hit or strike.
A person who rouses the wild game from under cover for a hunter.
The plural form of "beater" meaning the person who hits someone or something.
Without beat frequency oscillator we can not create audio frequency signals.
A sentry who covers an area regularly.
Feeling extremely happy and at peace.
The action of doing something in an extremely happy manner.
The action of announcing the beatification of someone.
A sentry who covers an area regularly.
The sound produced due the stroke on a drum.
The action of producing a rhythmic sound by hitting something repeatedly.
A postman who delivers letters to a certain area regularly.
One of the variety of beet rich in betaine.
The result of being worn - out by overuse.
To defeat someone.
The action of doing something in a beautifull manner.
The plural form of "beauty" meaning a beautiful thing or person.
A way to describe something as having beauty.
A way to describe something as having beauty and pertaining a creative quality.
A way to describe a beach as having beauty.
A way to describe a garden as having beauty.
A way to describe a group of gardens as having beauty.
A way to describe the beach town of Kovalam as beautiful.
A way to describe a group of lakes as having beauty.
A way to describe something as being done in a beautiful manner.
A way to describe a set of painted murals as having beauty.
A way to describe a group of parks as having beauty.
A way to describe a group of private squares as having beauty.
The action of improving the appearance of something.
A group of skills and qualities which are pleasing to the asthetic senses.
A manner of describing the desert of Thar in the Rajasthan area of India as presenting qualities which hold beauty.
A manner which to refer to the skills and qualities of a palace which are pleasing to the asthetic senses.
A manner which to refer to the skills and qualities of a place which are pleasing to the asthetic senses.
A spot that attracts attention.
An aquatic rodent.
A city in the Rajasthan state of India.
The action of having knowledge about something.
The action of leaving immediately.
The action of returning to the same place, usually by a certain time.
A hillock with a watchtower.
A typical dessert made from flour, sugar, ghee and coconut milk.
Bebo is a social networking online community website founded in January 2005 and has developed into an online community where users can post pictures, write blogs and send messages to one another.
The action of leaving a ship unable to come because there is no wind.
Past participle form of "become" meaning to begin to be.
For the reason that.
By reason of.
The action of instructing someone to follow.
The action of beginning to be.
To become the person who provides the security for the release of an arrested person as a guarantee of that person 's appearance in the court.
To become worried about something or start taking interest in something.
To become imposable, or to come into effect.
To start to have interest in something.
When something becomes liable to be surrendered as a forfeit.
To become ineligible due to any reason.
To become ineligible due to any reason.
To become able to be exercised.
A manner to describe something as looking good on a person.
The action of an item being stain with blood or dirty liquid.
insects that infest the bed and feed on human blood
The material which is used to cover oneself whilst lying in a bed.
Bedclothes & mattresses used for sleeping.
The collective way to refer to any material which is used while in bed.
Bedclothes, sometimes considered together with a mattress.
The action of resting for the night in a place.
The action of decorating a room or building.
To deny someone of something, which he or she deserves.
The action of causing continued trouble.
The action of sprinkling an item with drops of liquid.
A famous poet who spent time in Delhi.
The action of causing something to become dim or darker.
making a bed
The bottom of a flow of water in a channel or small river.
The plural form of "bedouin" meaning a nomadic desert Arab.
a shallow vessel used by bed ridden patients for urination and defecation
confined to bed because of illness
A room in a house or hotel containing a bed and where a person may sleep.
The plural form of "bedroom" meaning a room in a house or hotel containing a bed and where a person may sleep.
The plural form of "bed" meaning a structure containing a mattress where a person or animal sleeps.
An ulceration of the skin and subcutaneous tissue caused by poor circulation due to prolonged pressure on body parts.
An alternative to "bedcovers" meaning the material which is used to cover oneself whilst lying in bed.
Number of bed those can be accommodate in a place.
A mountain lake resort in Bali, Indonesia.
Involuntary urinating in bed, habitually or involuntarily.
A factory which produces "beedi" a kind of cigarette made using unprocessed tobacco enveloped in leaves.
A meat which comes from cows.
The action of give something more substance.
The place where bees create honey.
One who keeps bees, one who cares for and raises bees for commercial or agricultural purpose.
The activity of rearing of bees for honey and other products (wax etc.).
The occupation of keeping bees.
The act of maintaining and caring for bees.
Past participle form of "be" meaning to exist.
A frothy alcoholic drink made by fermenting wheat and yeast.
A typical alcoholic drink from the Moti Bagh area of Delhi, India.
The plural form of "beer" meaning a frothy alcoholic drink made by fermenting wheat and yeast.
The plural form of "bee" meaning a small insect with black and yellow strips which creates honey.
A small land - based insect with six legs.
The plural form of "beetle" meaning a small land - based insect with six legs.
Disease cause in beet plant due to fungal infection.
Disease cause in beet plant due to parasite infection.
The action of something bad happening to someone.
Past participle form of "befall" meaning when something bad happens to someone.
Past participle form of "befall" meaning when something bad happens to someone.
The action of making something appropriate for.
A manner to describe that something is appropriate for an occasion.
The action of making someone confused.
In side of.
The action of being in front of something or someone.
The action of doing something in preference to something else.
Previous to in time; earlier than.
In front of; against.
In front of; against.
Which has been mentioned earlier.
Which has been mentioned earlier.
Something that has been quoted earlier also.
In front of the district magistrate.
Before something could happen - in anticipation.
Before an action or occurrence took place.
In short time.
Earlier than the achievement of such a deal or settlement.
Earlier than the conclusion of something.
Earlier than something has become invalid.
Earlier than the court is adjourned.
A phrase indicating that an action must be carried out before an item or person arrives.
dirty; unclean; pollute
Favorable behavior or conduct.
The action of causing someone to think unclearly.
to asking for something in a pleading manner
To ask for a charity; to solicit alms.
Past form of "begin" meaning to start or commence.
Past form of "beget" meaning the action of causing something to occur.
A manner of describing something or someone as being very poor.
The plural form of "beggar" meaning a person who asks for something in a pleading and desperate manner.
The act of asking for charity or soliciting money or food.
To evade or dodge the question.
A Muslim female of high ranking.
Menachem Begin, the sixth prime minister of the State of Israel, an album by The Millennium, a 1980s video game, a Japanese pop trio, also an album by Cyndi Wang.
to start or commence
A person who is starting to learn to do something.
The plural form of "beginner" meaning a person who is starting to learn to do something.
The moment in which an event starts.
The action of encompassing an item.
to excuse
The action of not attending an event which you had agreed to previously.
Past participle form of "beget" meaning the action of causing something to occur.
generated by procreation; to be caused by.
The action of making something dirty or unclean.
A way of describing that something is charming in an unexpected way.
A highly ranked Muslim woman.
The queen of the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb.
Past participle form of "begin" meaning the action of starting or commencing.
Past participle form of "begin" meaning the action of starting or commencing.
The action of acting in the interests of someone else.
As the agent of; on the part of.
The action of something being more difficult in comparison to something else.
The action of acting in a specific way.
To behave with somebody in a way to cause insult.
Behaviometrics is a branch from the area of Biometrics that focuses on behavioural patterns rather then physical attributes of a person to recognize or verify his identity.
The behavior of this object is very specific.
The way a person acts or conducts themselves.
Types of objective indicate the specific behaviors students must demonstrate to indicate that learning has occurred. These types are: The identified behavior, The specific conditions, The evaluative criteria.
A branch of the sciences which is concerned with the study of human and animal behavior.
A change in what students do or a reshaping of the materials students use.
A learning theory that only focuses on objectively observable behaviors and discounts any independent activities of the mind. Behavior theorists define learning as nothing more than the acquisition of new behavior based on environmental conditions.
A person who specializes in the study of behavior and believe that learning results in a change in the learner 's behavior. The focus of behaviorists is on the outputs of the learning process.
A treatment approach, based on the principles of operant conditioning, that replaces undesirable behaviors with more desirable ones through positive or negative reinforcement.
The way one conduct himself.
Any response emitted by or elicited from an organism or any mental or motor act or activity.
The manner of behaving or conducting oneself.
The aggregate of all the responses made in any situation.
The manner of behaving or conducting oneself.
The manner of behaving or conducting oneself.
Change in orientation of organism in response to sensory stimuli.
Development of the ability of an organism to tolerate the toxic substace.
A branch of the sciences which is concerned with the study of human and animal behaviour.
Good or pleasant manner of behaving or conducting oneself.
A learning theory that only focuses on objectively observable behaviours and discounts any independent activities of the mind. Behaviour theorists define learning as nothing more than the acquisition of new behavior based on environmental conditions.
The response to commodities.
The way the price movement takes place in the market.
Accused person 's manner of behaving or conducting himself.
The action of cutting off someone 's head.
A command of a person.
in the back of.
The action of being late for a task or event.
The action of completing a task slowly or late.
The action of seeing someone or something in an impressive manner.
Past form of "behold" meaning to see someone or something in an impressive manner.
Past participle form of "behold" meaning to see someone or something in an impressive manner.
The person who completes the action of "behold" meaning to see someone or something in an impressive manner.
A pale cream colour.
The action of taking place in a predetermined area.
Something being added to another and not subtracted from it.
The gerund form of "be" meaning to exist in a certain state or location.
The essence of something or someone.
To stay at liberty without any guarantee of safety or security.
Being informed or conscious about something; being aware of something.
To be worried with of related to some quarrel, a noisy brawl or a public disturbance.
The action of carrying out a task involving an investigation or a group of people.
To have the authority to command or order.
The traveling of a person with contagious or infectious disease by train.
To be acquired or claimed again.
being submerged in water.
to decorate; to adorn
decorated; adorned
A way of describing something which has many jewels.
The gerund form of "bejewel" meaning to adorn someone or something in precious stones.
A 40 acre fort in the state of Kerala, India
A flower basically found in Asia, also known as Jasmine
The action of attacking someone physically or verbally.
Belady 's anomaly is related to page fault.
A protected battlement area of a castle located in New Bombay, India.
The action of describing an event as too late or later than planned.
The action of glorifying an item, action or person.
A manner in nautical terms to ask someone to stop or desist from doing something
The action of emitting gas through the mouth.
The action of putting someone or something in a difficult position.
The part of a church or bell town where the bells are kept.
A city in Karnataka, India.
A way to describe someone or something coming from Belgium.
A specific way of cutting a diamond.
A place to shop in Kohima,
The action of failing to justify a criticism or claim.
A firm opinion or conviction.
An acceptance of something as true.
The mental act, condition or habit of placing trust or confidence in another.
A way of describing something which is easy to accept as being true.
A manner of speaking or acting which makes the receptive person believe something is true.
The action of accepting something to be true.
To place trust or confidence in another person.
The plural form of "believer" meaning a person who accepts a certain story or fact as true.
To place trust or confidence in someone with perfect sincerity.
A metal object which is hollow on the inside and who 's sound makes a musical note when struck.
A historic city in the Karnataka state of India.
The method used to excommunicate someone who had committed grave sins thus taking them out of the religious fold.
A person who carries message.
A person employed by a hotel to assist guests, as by carrying luggage and doing errands.
The rights of those who are engaged in war.
The plural form of "bell" meaning a metal object which is hollow on the inside and who 's sound makes a musical note when struck.
The action of being accepted into a group.
A person 's possessions.
The things that a person owns or has with him; possessions.
To be related to a particular religious group.
Something belonging to more than one person or group as a shared ownership.
The action of something being the property of someone.
To be related to a force.
To be related or involved in the service.
Genus of nematode which are pathogenic to plant.
A way to describe someone or something as being adored.
A way to describe something or someone as being located at a low level.
A way of describing something or someone which is situated at a low level.
Which is less than the amount of average (with reference to given time etc.).
Under or beneath the ground.
Below or under the mark of high water, or tide.
The action of saying something in a barely audible register.
Which is selling below the market price.
Which is available below the spot (nominal) value.
Below or under the standard, average or normal.
Which is available on less than the cost price or face value.
A parameter below which a person / family is supposed to live in poverty.
The system of provisioning in accounting where provisions are made after profit.
A beating, normally as a punishment for doing wrong.
Rail track constructed for area with particular characteristics.
The member of a life - saving team who swam out with a line attached to his belt.
A town in the state of Karnataka, India.
The action of coating something or someone in mud.
The action of expressing sadness about something.
The action of expressing sadness about something.
A mountain peak.
Which is in fictitious name.
Made, held, done, or transacted in the name of another person; used in the Hindu law to designate a transaction, contract or property that is made or held under a name that is fictitious.
One who holds or transacts property under the name of someone else.
Land which is owned / hold in a fictitious name.
Loan which has been obtained by a person who is not the actual beneficiary.
A former name for Varanasi meaning a city on the Ganges.
Seat where a judge sits in a court.
The judge or judges composing a court.
The clerk working at a bench.
Plural of the noun "bench" meaning a long seat, usually wooden, where several people can sit.
The bench of judges will hold meetings.
The person who fits benches.
Something that is used as a standard by which other things can be judged - a criterion.
Benchmarks may change their rating scale with new releases of the software.
Benchmarks may change their rating scale with new releases of the software.
In banking a base rate to which all other borrowings and lending rates are related.
Benchmark test calculates the status of application.
The judge or judges composing a court.
The judge or judges composing the High court.
To turn downwards (force to submit).
A curve in an item.
The action of doubling or changing the form of an item.
To cause to assume a curved or angular shape; To cause to swerve from a straight line; to misrepresent or distort; to incline the body.
The action of bowing to someone or something.
To turn to something.
A way to describe something which is directly below someone or something else.
The blessing said at the end of a religious service.
The act of conferring aid of some sort.
A manner of describing someone doing something good.
That brings some advantage.
Producing or promoting a favourable result; advantageous.
Utilization of something that is advantageous and natural.
Having a helping or useful effect.
Which has a useful effect.
A manner of describing something which is favourable.
Such expenditure of the government which provide advantage to the masses
The rate at which benefits have occurred.
Person who gets benefit.
A person who has the absolute right to any property which is held in trust by another.
The profits earned.
Something that gives you advantage or improve your finances.
An advantage of something to someone.
Benefits which someone can claim as a right.
To derive advantage from something directly.
To accept what someone tells you even though you think they may be lying.
A time frame during which benefits can be earned.
The plural form of "benefit" meaning an advantage of something to someone.
The helping considering factors based on which taxes are imposed.
To do something good for others.
A manner of describing something or someone as good or kind.
A fund created for providing help.
A manner of describing someone as acting in a good or kind way.
A region in South East Asia.
An association of people in Kolkata, India containing a dining hall, a gymnasium and other facilities.
A manner of indicating that someone is a native of Bengal.
A sweet typically from the Bengal area.
An very fast mammal typical of the Bengal region.
The capital of Karnataka, India.
A way of describing someone or something as doing something without morals or intelligence.
Doing little or no harm.
A way of describing an action as kind or gentle.
A village in the Canadian province.
A Hebrew patriarch, the son of Jacob.
A type of painted porcelain typical of Thailand.
The past participle form of "bend" meaning the action of doubling or changing the form of an item.
A way to describe an object as having a sharp curve or angle.
The collection of organisms living in benthic region.
The action of being or looking ill.
Beonex Communicator is a Mozilla - based browser, which contains web - browser, email / news client and a web page editor and it meant to provide the documentation and necessarily support for an end - user project.
The action of leaving.
To be in the awe of something.
Leaving personal estate to someone by will.
To leave as legacy.
The action of giving someone property or titles typically in a will.
A legal document declaring who you want to give your property after your death.
A river in Rajasthan, India.
The action of losing someone due to their death.
Whose relative has recently died.
An Egyptian Queen.
The action of saying something in verse or with a melody.
A disease of the peripheral nerves caused by a deficiency of vitamin B
A city in west California, United States of America.
Berkeley Unix is known as a branch of UNIX.
The capital city of Germany.
When an Internet gateway allows only the most basic port operations, such as mail, Web, limited news, etc. then the gateway is known as Berlin Firewall.
A Greek priest and astronomer of the Hellenistic - era.
The plural form of "berry" meaning a small fruit with no stone.
Small fruit created from a single ovary.
A manner to describe someone who is out of control with anger.
A place for sleeping in the train.
Charges levied for a space allotted to a vessel for loading / discharging its cargo in a wharf.
Rate charged for placing cargo on a ship etc.
A type of flour used to make chickpeas.
The action of asking someone to do something urgently.
An alternative way to say "befit" meaning the action of making something or someone appropriate for someone else.
The action of always having trouble.
The indication that something or someone is at the side of someone else.
A manner of referring to an item or event as additional.
A way to describe a person as very worried.
In addition to.
An alternative spelling for "beside" meaning a way of referring to an item or event as additional.
An alternative spelling for "beside" meaning a way of referring to an item or event as additional.
A phrase to indicate the location of an item or person as at the side of Sankheda.
The action of surrounding and conquering a castle, fort or building usually by armed forces.
The action of covering something or someone with a sticky substance.
The action of damaging someone 's reputation.
The action of confusing someone with alcohol.
The past and past participle form of "beseech" meaning the action of asking someone to do something urgently.
The action of ordering something in advance.
A way of describing something or someone as of excellent quality or standard.
They are greatest places of tourist attraction.
To make an attempt to the best of ability.
To make an effort in the best way.
It is the most ideal place for outing.
They are places nearby for making short trips for pleasure or outing in a group.
An algorithm wherein requesting client starts the process by contacting the server.
Best fit algorithm manages the free space of storing device.
Best fit algorithm manages the free space of storing device.
They are precise and accurate versions available.
Sexual relations between a human and an animal.
The quality or condition of being an animal or like an animal.
Associated with brutality.
To become active once again, arouse.
To give, tender something.
To grant something like award or distinction.
The most convenient part of year for touring.
The price which is best in the prevailing market situation.
To be on the back of, spanning.
A book or something that is sold in largest numbers.
The ideal time to visit a place.
The most ideal manner in which to know and feel.
The action of being certain about something.
To risk money on the result of a future event.
To confide on.
To put money on.
The problems, errors, glitches, or anomalies those are identified during the pre - release stage of a commercial computer product are called Beta bugs.
A type of lymphocyte, developed in bone marrow.
To take recourse to someplace.
To move oneself to safer place.
A beach in Goa.
A village in Uttarakhand state frequented by tourists.
Taxonomy in which organism are classified into lower and higher taxa in accordance with the evolutionary relationship.
Operational testing by potential and / or existing users / customers at an external site not otherwise involved with the developers, to determine whether or not a component or system satisfies the user / customer needs and fits within the business processes is
Leaf of vine plant of family Piperaceae use to wrap betel nuts.
They are broad leaves of climbing plants eaten as stimulant in Asia.
Irrespective of the situation or condition of something.
To remember carefully, recall deeply.
Having remembered oneself.
To consider carefully.
Ant like small wasps which are larval parasitoids of lepidoptera and coleoptera
In due time.
Betla national park is a wildlife sanctuary in Jharkhand state.
A national park in the state of Jharkhand famous for tigers besides other wildlife.
To indicate.
To take recourse to something in desperation.
To be unfaithful.
To be dishonest to someone, making him or her believe a lie.
Being dishonest to someone, making him or her believe a lie.
Promising someone to marry.
An occasion of entering into a mutual contract to marry.
To get higher amount.
To improve.
To attain an improved state.
To get corrected.
Enjoying more living facilities.
Improvent in economic and social conditions.
A fund created for making betterment efforts.
A tax imposed on account of improvement in some ones social or economic condition as a result of development efforts.
Something more acceptable than before.
A healthier right of ownership.
A tax imposed on persons who indulge in betting.
A district in Madhya Pradesh.
One of the main rivers flowing through Madhya Pradesh.
In the middle of, amid.
In the interval.
Neither here or there.
The action of getting up or to arise.
A hot or cold drink (other than simple water).
Any one of various liquids for drinking, usually excluding water.
A liquid used as a drink besides water.
To feel to sad.
To take guard.
Fascinate, overly attract.
Farther than, next to.
What lies hereafter.
in Bengali it means steamed.
A delicacy of steamed fish.
It is the name of a river in Karnataka state.
It is a river in the state of Himalaya Pradesh.
They are huge masses of ice accumulated and moving on the sides of mountains.
A city in the state of Bihar.
A place of pilgrimage and sightseeing in Coorg, Karnataka.
It is a most important Hindu Song of God from the epic, Mahabharat.
The name of the mythological king who brought to Earth the River Ganges.
The name of a turbulent river in Himalayas.
The name of source river for the Ganges.
The name of ancient temple near Goa.
Brother in Hindi.
An incarnation of Lord Shiv.
The wife of Lord Bharava and also a name of Carnatic Raga in music.
Vegetable
A kind of snack made of flour.
The name of the village in Himachal Pradesh.
The name of ancient town in Kathmandu valley in Nepal.
Devotion to God or deity.
The name of beach resort in Southern Goa.
The name of a tourist place in Arunachal Pradesh.
The name of a city in Maharashtra.
The name of the place near Bikaner in Rajasthan state.
The names of temple towns in Rajasthan.
A substance made from hemp plant.
A kind of music and folk dance from Punjab.
A proper noun after a sage.
The home of a mythological sage in Allahabad.
Another name for Indian Republic in Sanskrit.
The name of mythological Emperor who ruled India.
A dance form the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The name of the institution in Bhopal famed for multi - art exhibitions.
The name of the second longest river in Kerala state.
The name of an ancient temple in Chitrakoot, Uttar Pradesh.
A dance form the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It is the name of a fortified city in the state of Rajasthan.
The earlier name of Keoladeo National Park in Rajasthan.
Name of government museum in Rajasthan.
In order to facilitate donations including smaller amounts from India and abroad for implementing projects / programmes connected with the education sector, the Government has constituted the "Bharat Shiksha Kosh" as a Society registered under the Society Registration Act, 1860. The Kosh was officially launched on 09. 01. 2003 during the celebration of Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas.
A North Indian delicacy.
It is the name of a city in Gujarat on the banks of Narmada River.
Name of the hill in Assam in the island of Brahmaputra river.
It used to be a last name given to a learned man.
It is the name of Rajput and Gujjar tribes.
They are said to be descendents of Bhuiyan tribe in Orissa.
It is usually an important building or house.
It is a proper noun meaning giver of life from Goddess Parvathi.
It is the second longest and perennial river in Tamil Nadu.
It is a port city in Gujarat.
It is usually an important building or house.
It is a proper noun meaning giver of life from Goddess Parvathi.
It is the name of a town near Jabalpur in the state of Madhya Pradesh.
It is adventure and Nature camp in the state of Karnataka.
It is the Hindi word for brain.
It it the acronym of a company.
The name of tribal community in Central Indian Sates.
It is the name of a town in Gujarat.
It is the name of a city the state of Chhattisgarh famous for its steel plant.
It is the name of a city the state of Chhattisgarh famous for its steel plant.
The name of tribal community in Central Indian Sates.
The name of legendary figure in Mahabharata.
It is the history of the religious place in the state of Himachal Pradesh.
It is the name of a river in the state of Maharashtra.
It is the name of town in West Godavari of district of Andhra Pradesh.
It is the name of a fort near Reasi town in Jammu.
The name of a famous sweetmeat shop in Calcutta.
It is the name of a town in the state of Uttarakhand.
A sacred place in Arunachal Pradesh for IDU - MISHMI tribes.
It is the name of a city in Maharastra.
It is the name of a city in the state of Haryana.
It means a meal or the name of poet - king.
It means meal or eats in Hindi.
It is the name of a town in Madhya Pradesh.
It is the capital of Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Belonging to Bhopal, language, a classical music raga.
Associated with the place and royalty.
Previously they were Princely state forces.
It is the name of one of the seven sages in ancient India.
It is the name of a village in Orissa or Odisha.
It is the capital of Indian state of Odisha.
It is the capital of Indian state of Odisha.
It is the name of a city in Gujarat.
It is the name of a town in Himachal Pradesh.
It is the name of museum at Chamba in Himachal Pradesh.
It is a landlocked South Asian kingdom.
It is the another name for Lord Shiv.
It refers something related to Bhutan.
It is the name of ethnic Tibetans speaking Sikkimese.
In Hindi Corn or Maize is called bhutta.
It refers to a locality near Manali in Himachal Pradesh.
Being partial.
An opinion with certain prejudices.
It is a respectable title in Urdu attached to the name of women, equal to 'miss' in English.
It refers to the collection of earlier religious texts of Judaism and Christianity.
According to Bible.
An academic study of books as physical, cultural objects.
Having two houses of legislature.
To quarrel on minor points.
Petty disputes in the course of trading operations.
A vascular bundle in which phloem is present on both outside and inside of the xylem.
It is a connected graph with no articulation vertices.
A biconnected graph is nonseparable, meaning if any vertex were to be removed, the graph will remain connected.
A biconnected graph is nonseparable, meaning if any vertex were to be removed, the graph will remain connected.
Having two points or cusps.
The valve between the left atrium and left ventricle of the heart
A vehicle having two wheels and pedals to use for riding.
Vehicles having two wheels and pedals to use.
An offer of certain price for something.
To say to someone.
A price quoted by a market maker on the stock exchange at which he will buy stocks or shares which are on offer.
A city in the state of Karnataka.
Being directed.
The person who is bidding.
Offer made at auction.
Stay, Wait, Dwell.
Anything that can move in two directions.
It is a two - way communication.
Bidirectional communication between the print subsystem and the printer is essential for the autoconfiguration of printers.
Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) is a network protocol used to detect faults between two forwarding engines.
A link capable of reacting or functioning in two, usually opposite, directions.
A type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals.
This refers to the difference between the selling price and the offer to buy.
A price indicated / quoted by the investor at which he / she is prepared to buy a share on the offer.
That happens every two years.
Report which is sent every two years.
Plant that take two years to complete its lifecycle.
Having two equal and distinct surfaces.
Divided into two equal lobes or parts by a median cleft.
Divided into two equal parts or branches by a cleft.
Having two flagella.
Having two leaves.
To divide into two separate entities.
Divided into two parts.
Split into two.
Divided into two branches
Division into two.
Above the normal standard.
Getting wrongly married to another person while the first one is legal.
Marrying another person while already married to one.
Big blue is used for 'International Business Machines'.
Denotes name of New York Stock Exchange.
Big endian means the most significant byte of any multibyte data field is stored at the lowest memory address, which is also the address of the larger field.
More big.
Most big.
The most powerful and effective.
Chance to earn lot of money.
A lot of money.
Big o - notation is often meant to represent the time complexity of an algorithm.
Being not willing to accept or tolerate others' opinion.
Item of high value - expensive.
Trading in expensive items.
A state in Eastern India.
People of Bihar, one who belongs to Bihar.
It is a city in the state of Bihar besides district headquarters of Nalanda.
It is a district Headquarters city in the state of Karnataka.
Bijective function is used in mathematics.
It is a sacred temple for Shiva in the state of Himachal Pradesh.
It is a city in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
It is a district headquarters city in the state of Rajasthan.
It is related to the place of Bikaneer.
A kind of snacks and sweets.
Of or belonging to Bikaner.
Another name for bicycle, motorcycle.
Riding a two - wheeler.
Riders of bicycles or motorcycles.
Having two lips.
It a city in the state of Chhattisgarh.
It a city in the state of Chhattisgarh.
A dam in the state of Rajasthan.
It is a city in the state of Himachal Pradesh.
Between two parties.
Having or formed of two sides.
An account affecting two sides (countries).
Countries which have agreed to maintain / have bilateral account.
Agreement between two parties.
In a trade agreement between two countries for importing and exporting of goods in such way that they are able to balance their receipts and payments.
Such countries which are members of bilateral group of countries and provide loan.
Countries which have come together to form a bilateral group.
Involving the two sides of the parties.
Discussions between two countries / parties aimed at reaching an agreement.
The symmetrical arrangement in which an organism can be divided into two equal mirror image along its central axis.
Grant of such tariff concession for which both countries have agreed.
Such trade accounts which are kept / maintained by both the parties.
This is an agreement between two countries setting terms etc. of trade between them.
A yellow or greenish viscid alkaline fluid secreted by the liver and passed into the duodenum.
Any of the coloring materials in the bile.
Any of the coloring materials in the bile.
Salt forms of bile acids.
Salt forms of bile acids.
Bilevel means a type of containing only black and white pixels.
A leaking hole in the lower part of boat, tank.
Historical town in the state of Punjab
Of or relating to bile, the bile ducts, or the gallbladder.
Intense spasmodic pain felt in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen from impaction of a gallstone in the cystic duct
Which is written in two languages.
Using or knowing two languages.
Pertaining to two languages.
Teaching academic content in two languages.
One who can speak in two languages.
A red bile pigment derived from the degradation of hemoglobin during the normal and abnormal destruction of red blood cells.
A green bile pigment formed from the oxidation of heme.
A village in Uttarakhand.
A statement showing cost of goods supplied or changes for services provided.
A legislation for discussion in parliament.
Written statement, a note
Accepting (approving) the legislation placed before legislature body.
A bill payable as soon as the drawee sees at.
Providing support to the bill through indemnity or guarantee etc.
A book containing details of bills issued in respect of goods sold.
The discount rate on bills of exchange which vary according to quality of the bill.
42nd President of USA
The institution (bank) which has been assigned the work of collecting the bill.
Counter where payment of bills is made.
Counter where payment of bills is made.
The custom of making / receiving payments for trade transaction through bills.
The person / institution which buy a bill before maturity with a deduction for interest.
Refused of a drawee of a bill of exchange to either accept it or to pay it after acceptance.
Identical copy of the bill.
Charged
Such goods for which bill has been raised as per orders of the buyer, delivery is yet to be made.
Handling a bill for collection as per instructions received from the customers.
A specimen of the bill as presented.
A game played using cue and ivory balls.
A game played using cue and ivory balls.
In some areas it is customary to make two or three copies of bill in original which are identical for utmost safety measure, only one is however paid.
Number of bills raised in a regularly repeated order.
A bill of exchange which is both drawn and payable in the country of origin.
A thousand million (1, 000, 000, 000)
It is equal to one thousand million in number.
A journal (block) where bills received are entered on daily basis.
A bill which is missing.
A market where transaction relating to bills are predominantly conducted amongst various players.
A bill which may be of unusual type with additional risk.
Bill which has been received for collecting for the customer.
State of costs for goods or charges for services.
A note of credit issued by government (In USA only).
A written statement prepared by a merchant for the customs department indicating the nature and value of goods being imported.
An unconditional order addressed by one person to another, signed by the giver requiring the person to whom addressed to pay on demand or fixed date a certain sum of money to or the order or to the bearer.
A negotiable security document issued by one party to another to compensate from loss.
The statement of the rights of a class of people.
A document given in respect of transfer of a home used where possession is not intended to be given, it is merely security for a debt or loss.
A bill of exchange which is payable by the drawee immediately on presentation i. e. at sight.
A bill of exchange which is required to be paid on demand.
The discount rate on bills of exchange varying according to the quality of the bill to be discounted.
It is a law at the stage of proposal in the legislature.
Bills against an advance has been obtained against "bills purchase" facility from the bank.
Bills which are being sent for collection may be negotiated by the bank for customer (exporter). In such cases bank will buy the bills less commission etc.
Account which reflects transactions in respect of bills of exchange.
The bills which has been got re - discounted by the bank from higher financing agency and are still not paid.
Bills of exchange which are either payable at right or have been accepted payable at some fixed or determinable future date.
Range of bills held by the institution.
Such bills of exchange which are encashed before the due date through discounting.
Such bills on which one is entitled to receive the sum of money due on it.
Bills which are under the process of collection (Say acceptance, payment, other matters etc.)
The period of holding a bill.
Divided or having two compartments or chambers.
Having two parts.
It refers to a thing or occurrence repeated once in two months.
It refers the monthly frequency that is once in two months.
Once in two months.
Report which is to be prepared / sent twice a month.
Report which is prepared / sent every two months.
Repository, store
Comprising two components, elements, molecules, etc.
Binary means a type which is composed of two parts or two pieces.
Binary arithmetic operation is an operation that follows the rules of Boolean algebra.
Binary codes are used to represent all information in the digital world.
Binary codes are used to represent all information in the digital world.
It is the system of representing text or computer processor instructions by the use of the binary number system 's two - binary digits "0" and "1".
Binary coded characters are used in information interchanged.
In binary coded decimal, the conversion of decimal digits are easy for printing or display and for faster decimal calculations.
In binary coded decimal adder we should only apply input values from 0.. 9.
In binary coded decimal code, a digit is usually represented by four bits which, in general, represent the digits or characters 09
Binary coded decimal notation is an encoding for decimal numbers.
A binary notation in which each of the decimal digits is represented by a binary numeral.
Binary coded decimal system uses the first ten binary numbers in sequence to represent the digits 0 through 9.
Binary coded decimal system uses the first ten binary numbers in sequence to represent the digits 0 through 9.
Binary coding is composed of only the number zero (off state) and the number one (on state) combined in groups of 8.
Binary File means a computer file which contains more than plain text (i. e. photos, sounds, spreadsheet etc) encoded in binary form.
Similar to a Common Gateway Interface (CGI), Binary Gateway Interface (BGI) is an interface which provides a method of running a program from a Web server.
A Binary half adder produces a sum and a carry value which are both binary digits.
Binary large object (BLOB) is a collection of binary data stored as a single entity in a database management system, which is useful to store images or other multimedia files.
Binary loader can read a sequence of precalculated binary files from the disk.
In computer science binary numbers are represented by the binary digits 0 and 1.
Binary Number system is a counting system used in computers consisting of only 1 's and 0' s (zeros).
The binary number system is a method of storing ordinary numbers as patterns of 1 's and 0' s.
An operator defined on a set which takes two elements from as inputs and returns a single element of.
In mathematics, a binary operation is a calculation involving two operands.
Binary operations can be done by the binary function or binary operator.
Binary Phase Shift Keying (BPSK) is a type of phase modulation using 2 distinct carrier phases to signal ones and zeros and the bit of the bit stream changes the sign of the transmitted signal.
A binary relation is used in the set theory.
An application development platform from Qualcomm for wireless devices equipped for code division multiple access technology including GSM / GPRS interfaces.
Binary search is a search of a binary tree or other structure in which the structure is divided in half at each step of the search.
Binary search is a search of a binary tree or other structure in which the structure is divided in half at each step of the search.
Binary search trees is a fundamental data structure used to construct more abstract data structures.
Binary search trees is a fundamental data structure used to construct more abstract data structures.
Binary search trees is a fundamental data structure used to construct more abstract data structures.
A binary semaphore was invented by Edsger Dijkstra.
Binary separation is the part of chemical engineering.
Binary separation is the part of chemical engineering.
Binary synchronous communication, is a character (byte) - oriented form of communication developed by IBM in the 1960s.
It is among two principal methods which can be used in controlling data movement along a specific path.
Formatted files produced by various application programs such as' Word ', transferred by binary transfer.
Formatted files produced by various application programs such as' Word ', transferred by binary transfer.
Binary tree is commonly used to implement binary search trees.
A binary tree is a tree data structure in which each node has at most two children. Typically the first node is known as the parent and the child nodes are called left and right.
Relating to, involving two nations.
Relating to two ears.
Cards which are composed of two parts.
Tie up
Interlace
Control
In binder documents could be viewed, saved, opened, e - mailed and printed as a group.
Act of fastening pages of a book.
In binding simple reference can be used instead of having to repeat the larger thing.
Being tied by responsibility.
A folded sheet of cardboard used for binding a book.
Binding offset Increases the right margin on left pages, and the left margin on right pages.
The necessity to stick to a thing.
The name of a lake in Bhubaneswar.
A sacred lake at Bhubhaneswar in Odissa.
Over indulgance, spree
BinHex is a file conversion format which converts binary files to ASCII digits and letters.
Relating to or involving both eyes at once, as in binocular vision. Or An optical device, such as a pair of field glasses, consisting of two small telescopes.
An optical device with a pair of lenses to see distant objects.
Name given to a species in which each species is recognised by two part name - the first part indicating genus name while the second part is the specific epithet.
Scientific name given to a species in which each species is recognised by two part name - the first part indicating genus name while the second part is the specific epithet.
Relating to or derived from two ova.
Containers
Combining form denoting life.
Life, life history.
Of a being, relating to organism.
Biological agent that can be used in bioterrorism such as bacterium, virus, prion, fungus, or biological toxin which has very adverse effect on human being.
The use of a living organism to determine the presence or concentration of a compound in a sample by comparing the result with some standard.
Of or relating to biochemistry.
The study of the chemical substances and vital processes occurring in living organisms.
Branch of science which deals with the functional and structural aspect of molecules found in living cell and organism and thein related chemical processes.
The study of climatic effect on organism over a period of time.
Having two colors.
Details containing for self.
Waste that can by decayed by other living organisms.
The degree of variation of living things among themselves and between each other.
Of or pertaining to electric phenomena occurring in living organisms.
Study of distribution of flora and fauna over space and time.
While relating to the events in one 's life.
While relating to the events in one 's life.
A description or account of someone 's life and the times, which is usually published in the form of a book or an essay, or in some other form, such as a film.
Of or relating to biology or to life and living processes.
Of or relating to biology or to life and living processes.
With regard to living things.
A system to categorize all organism by biological type.
Regulation of pest by biological control agents such as predators, antagonists, parasites, pathogens etc.
Regulation of nematode by biological control agents such as predators, antagonists, parasites, pathogens etc.
Group of organism within species which are distict in their physical, heritable character from other group within same species.
The concept that the species are group of nterbreeding natural populations which are isolated from other groups.
The science concerned with the phenomena of life and living organisms.
The science concerned with the phenomena of life and living organisms.
The branch of science which deals with all living matter in any form, their interaction with each other or with the environment.
Luminescence emitted by living organism by some physiological processes.
A defined region in which communities of flora and fauna adapted to live in distinctive climate and soil conditions.
The statistical study of biological phenomena.
That determines the identity of a person by life features.
Biometrics is the Science of recognising unique biological properties of humans based upon one or more intrinsic physical or behavioural traits, such as fingerprints, retina identification, etc.
Branch of biology in which statistical analytical tools are used to study biological phenomena.
Determination of the biological activity or potency of a substance, as a vitamin or hormone, by testing its effect on the growth of an organism.
The branch of biology in which organism and its relation to its environment is studied.
Pesticide that are derived from natural occuring substances instead of chemical poison.
The study of biological processes using the theories and tools of physics.
The study of biological processes using the theories and tools of physics.
The removal and examination of a sample of tissue from a living body for diagnostic purposes.
Biopsy of endometrium.
A hollow needle used to obtain a core of tissue for histologic study.
Material that are non toxic and pose no side effect on the environment.
The initial function of the BIOS is to identify, test, and initialization of system devices.
The region of the earth and its atmosphere where life exist.
The science of statistics applied to the analysis of biological or medical data.
Formation of a chemical compound by a living organism.
Branch of science in which taxonomic relationships of organisms is assessed by the ananysis of data obtained from cytogenetic or biochemical studies.
Flora and fauna found in a particular region.
The branch of molecular biology that uses any living organisms or parts or products of living organisms in natural or modified form in industrial, agricultural, medical, research and other applications.
Vectors that transfer pollen from anthers to stigma of flower.
The living organisms living in a certain area.
All living organism in the environment that interacts with each other and with the biotic and abiotic factor of environment.
Factors in an environment that include all living organism or its component.
The maximum potential of population of organisms to reproduce under optimum environmental conditions.
A parasite that receives nutrients from host organism by inducing damage to it.
A group of organism having same genotype and other hereditary factors.
Which is shared by two parties.
Where two parties are participating.
An agreement between two parties.
In graph theory we can study the bipartite graph
In graph theory we can study the bipartite graph
It is a graph whose vertices can be divided into two disjoint sets U and V such that every edge connects a vertex in U to one in V; that is, U and V are independent sets.
An arrangement ending a dispute between two parties.
Having two phases.
Having twice pinnate leaflets.
Bipolar encoding utilises three positive, negative and neutral (zero) voltage levels.
Deficits in executive function, learning and attention wherein memory is effected with bipolar disorder. The brain structure in bipolar people are different.
Having two branches.
A kind of tree related to oak family.
A winged, feathered vertebrate animal with two legs.
Upkeep of birds to bring out their best.
Another name for bird watcher studying the birds.
Name of the international organization to protect birds in the world, including their habitat.
A winged, feathered vertebrate animal with two legs.
A place of safety for birds from any danger.
To study birds in their natural surroundings.
Those who engage themselves in the activity of observing birds in the natural habitat.
Those who engage themselves in the activity of observing birds in the natural habitat.
Watching birds as a pastime.
The name of the historical king in the state of Tripura.
It is the name of leading Kathak dancer.
The last name associated with a leading industrial house.
Name of temple built of white marble for Lord Venkateshwara in Hyderabad of Andhra Pradesh.
A renowned planetarium in Hyderabad of Andhra Pradesh.
Next to London, the most populous city in England.
Name of the fair in Himachal Pradesh.
Passage of the offspring from the uterus to the outside world; the act of being born.
An event of giving birth to a child.
A certificate regarding birth.
A copy of an official record of a person 'sdate and place of birth and parentage
voluntary efforts to control conceiving children.
Date when somebody was born.
Date when somebody was born.
A day someone is born and its anniversary.
A queueing model, the M / M / C / K / FIF0 in complete Kendall 's notation queue. This is a queue with Poisson arrivals, drawn from an infinite population, and C servers with exponentially distributed service time with K places in the queue.
Birth - death processes have many application in demography and in biology.
A mark on the body dating from birth.
The place where someone is born.
Place where someone is born.
Number of birth for every 100 in a particular year.
The name of the historical park in Manipur.
A flavored dish of rice cooked with meat or vegetables.
A small snack made of flour or bread baked in the oven.
To divide something into two parts or equal parts.
Bisection algorithm is a very simple but slow method.
Bisection algorithm is a very simple but slow method.
A root - finding algorithm which repeatedly bisects an interval then selects a subinterval in which a root must lie for further processing.
Organism in which both male and female reproductive organs are present.
Relating to both the sexes.
A practitioner of environment protection by faith and practice.
It is a town in West Bengal.
Letter exchanged in connection with business matters.
A person engaged in trade and commerce.
Name of the business entity by which it is known.
A hairy, ox like animal with a hump.
A hairy, ox like animal with a hump.
A low priced restaurant.
A low priced restaurant.
The name of a posh shopping area in Jamshedpur in Jharkhand.
Bisynchronous is an IBM link protocol which is announced in 1967.
There are 8 bits in a byte.
There are 8 bits in a byte.
The smallest element of computer storage.
A small piece of something.
In small measures.
A female dog.
Intending to do some harm easily like a female dog.
Bit Depth means the number of bits used to represent each pixel in an image file to determine its color or tonal range.
Think of getting money from someone.
In the context of telecommunication, a bit error rate is the ratio of the number of bits, elements, characters, or blocks incorrectly received to the total number of bits, elements, characters, or blocks sent during a specified time interval.
A Bit Error Rate Tester is a process or device which measures the bit error rate of a data communications network or a specific portion of a network.
Wounds
Defects coming in a bit causing all data in the array lost If one drive fails.
The name of a quiet township near Kanpur in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Intensely
Mouthparts are adapted for biting purpose in some insects.
The movement of mouthparts, salivation for biting in response to a stimuli.
Our bitmap image will save in pixels.
A binary representation in which a bit or set of bits corresponds to some part of an object such as an image or font.
Bitmap is referred to that usage method, which is used to describe an illustration or font file created by a predefined number of pixels.
A protocol of wireless technology which is a monochrome graphics file format optimized for mobile computing devices.
A communications protocol that sees the transmitted data as an opaque stream of bits with no semantics, or meaning.
Bit - oriented protocol is a type of a data link layer protocol commonly used in ISDN applications.
In bit parallel transmission, an 8 - bit parallel channel can transmits eight bits simultaneously.
Bit pattern is an interpretation of the bits such as an integer or an image.
Bit positions is the binary representation of numbers from right to left.
The bit rate is quantified by bits per second (bit / s or bps) unit.
An instruction module for relocating text in bits.
A small piece of something.
Bit slice processors usually consist of an arithmetic logic unit (ALU) of 1, 2, 4 or 8 bits.
Bit slice processors usually consist of an arithmetic logic unit (ALU) of 1, 2, 4 or 8 bits.
A technique for constructing a processor from modules of smaller bit width. Each of these components processes one bit field or "slice" of an operand.
Bit stuffing is used in data transmission and telecommunication.
Being or inducing one of the four basic taste sensations that is peculiarly acrid, astringent, or disagreeable.
Sour
Pungent
Hostilely
BitTorrent is a peer - to - peer (P2P) file sharing protocol designed to reduce the bandwidth required to transfer files.
Paired homologous chromosomes which are formed during synapsis.
Happening twice a week (once in two weeks - fortnightly).
Coming twice a week
Stranger in a funny or disgusting way.
Oddly
A color
Dispose against a particular choice.
BlackBerry is a wireless handheld device which supports mobile telephone, push e - mail, internet faxing, text messaging, web browsing and other wireless information services.
Money market where unauthorised transaction on foreign exchange take place.
A kind of antelope native to India.
A kind of antelope native to India.
An antelope species typical to India.
The rates of exchanging foreign money which are not authorised and are illegal transaction in foreign exchange.
Oil fuel which may be informal.
A pulse of family Fabaceae rich in phosphoric acid.
A black hat is referred to a person, who uses his knowledge of vulnerabilities of computer system, generally with malicious intent, breach security of a computer system without permission from an authorized party and exploits for private gain.
Disease in banana cause by eelworms of the family Tylenchidae.
A person who works while his mates are on strike.
People / Products etc. that are disapproved of and should be avoided.
To enter in the blacklist (disapproved persons).
A dark colored flower.
Angrily
Compelling unfairly through implication to get something.
Market where illegal buying and selling of goods is done.
Market where illegal buying and selling of goods is done.
System by which people illegally buy and sell goods / foreign money etc.
Unaccounted money which is part of the total income of the people or money supply which is either not acquired through legal transactions or not shown in Income Tax Return
An annual plant of family Brassicaceae, the seeds of which are used as spice.
Withholding of electric supply.
Make something unreadable by applying a layer or black color.
To forget recalling unpleasant incidents.
Disease in black pepper in which the leaves becomes curly and yellow.
It is a tourist destination in England.
A person engaged in making or repairing of things made of iron.
A person engaged in making or repairing of things made of iron.
The work of forging metals.
Those who work with forging of metals.
The name of fever in the event of Malaria.
The cavity that stores urine.
Company that runs its business dishonestly.
Holding someone responsible for a wrong.
Not being responsible for anything wrong.
Pleasantly gentle or agreeable.
Lacking taste or flavor.
A regular diet omitting foods that may irritate the gastrointestinal tract.
A regular diet omitting foods that may irritate the gastrointestinal tract.
To praise and get things done.
Emotionless
An empty space on a piece of paper.
Without any printed or written matter.
The signing by the drawer on the face of a bill below the word "accepted" indicates his assent to pay the bill on its due date.
The bill that does not contain any name and is generally paid to the bearer.
The type of encumbrance which is in full and not specific.
Cheque which has only been signed but no amount etc. details have been written.
Book containing cheque leaves issued by bank to customers.
Cheque which bears signature only with no other details written on it.
Type of accommodation granted by a financial institution where no collateral / security is obtained based on assessment of personal integrity.
Such a draft form which has not been completed with particulars. It is only a printed specimen form of the draft.
A security that has been endorsed by merely signing it and that makes it payable to bearer.
Which is not payable to the order of any named person and merely gives the signature of endorser
A layer that covers or encloses.
Covered with.
Covering all.
An agreement that covers a wide range of things.
Business transaction that has wide coverage.
A letter of permission by the exchange control authorities in terms of which no limit is prescribed to avail of the amount of foreign exchange.
A general plan of action that covers all possible cases of expenses.
Where no limits / restrictions are imposed while importing specified goods etc.
The licence which covers all possible cases.
A mortgage which is not tied or linked to a specific property but includes all.
An order that covers all possible matters.
Amount of money asked for a thing that includes everything.
Such rates which are applicable in all possible cases or affects everyone.
Woolen bed sheets.
Tax that affects everyone and includes all possible categories.
Signing a blank transfer deed for stocks / shares etc. while obtaining loan against their security.
To make loud noise.
Blow up with explosives.
Explosion
The cavity in the centre of the blastula stage of the embryo filled with fluid.
The layer of cells formed on the surface of the yolk in reptilians and birds.
Launching something.
Cells resulting from the division of the egg after fertilization during early embryonic development.
Opening of the archenteron in gastrula stage of embryogenesis.
The blast protocol permits files to be transferred bi - directionally.
An early stage of embryonic development produced by cleavage of a fertilized ovum and consisting of blastocoele.
Rude
To talk at length without substance.
Made to show off.
Palely
Seeing in semidarkness as if in tears.
To lose blood.
To lose blood.
A period of time during which a small wound (as a pinprick) continues to bleed.
To mix well to become one.
To combine well for a good mixture.
It refers to a mixing of different learning environments. The phrase has many specific meanings based upon the context in which it is used. This term was first known as bricks and click.
A business which combines various segments
Combination of various sorts of things / culture.
Inflammation of the eyelids.
To put one 's hand or cross over the head.
In a blessed way.
well - being
Condition of plant due to pathogenic infection.
Some disfigurement.
One who cannot see with eyes.
Buds which do not produce flowers and undergoes necrosis instead of bursting.
A check not based on reason or which is without judgement.
In the context of e - mail, blind carbon copy (Bcc) refers to the practice of sending a message to multiple recipients with none of them knowing other recipients.
Blind keyboard will help blind people to understand computer.
Blind keyboard will help blind people to understand computer.
The keyboard for blind people comprising a body carrying a plurality of keys and interface means for its connection to an external unit.
Loss of the sense of sight
When resources are collected as common fund not for some specific purpose but for speculation.
A school for the blind.
Close and open eyes in rapid succession while looking at something.
Blinking is an element in a non - standard presentational HTML element that indicates to a user that the page author intends the content of the element to blink.
To be in the happiest state ever.
To be in a blissful way.
Happily
A local swelling of the skin that contains watery fluid.
Beetles of family Meloidae which secrets cantharidin.
Harshly, roughly to cause as if blisters.
When a large array of bits are copied from one part of a computer 's memory to another part, then the copying operation is called Blit.
In a happy or joyous manner.
Blitter is a special - purpose chip or hardware system built to perform blit operations, especially used for fast implementation of bit - mapped graphics.
Continued military attack from air.
Overstretching of rumen or intestinal tract of animals due to excessive gas content.
Bloatware is a software which provides minimal functionality while requiring a disproportionate amount of diskspace and memory.
To create obstruction / hinderance.
A piece of land.
Interruption, especially obstruction, of a normal physiological function.
In telecommunication, Block is a unit of data transmission.
Break
Having another similar set.
Surrounding an area to prevent access.
Assets which are not in use.
Many similar type of assets put together.
Block caching happens separately from page caching.
Block caching happens separately from page caching.
A module which creates a cached version of each block.
The compact amount of funds invested in a business.
A process of providing finance which is in bulk.
A source to know as to who has blocked you on messenger.
Block check character is very important for error detection.
A block cipher is an encryption algorithm used in private symmetric key encryption, operates on fixed - length groups of bits, termed blocks, with an unvarying transformation.
Method of Copying a specified number of bytes from a source array starting at a particular offset to a destination array starting at a particular offset.
Development activities taken up in a defined area of a district which is usually a revenue unit.
Block diagram is used for making hardware design, software design and process flow diagrams.
An account (bank account) where there are no operations for a long period.
Such accounts where transactions have been stopped or suspended.
Such assets in respect of which there are obstacles / transactions cannot be done.
Balances which cannot be utilised in the normal manner / course.
An act of editing through a link that allows the Site administrator to edit the template of the block.
The amount of subsidy released in lump sum for some purpose.
In blockiness, image begins to loose its sharpness.
A message scheduling algorithm to enforce a priority based preemptive message transmission on the frame basis.
The number of records in a block.
In telecommunications, a network that has fewer transmission paths than would be required if all users were to communicate simultaneously.
A process through which use of account (operation in the account) are restricted.
It is the minimal configuration of discrete electronic components which can produce a free - running signal, requiring only a capacitor, transformer, and one amplifying component.
The price line on which resistance is noticed.
A written symbol of words of speech / words which can be easily identified / understood.
A written symbol of words of speech / words which can be easily identified / understood.
A committee of bankers and other development institutions constituted at a block level under lead bank scheme.
A committee constituted at block level to ensure co - ordination between different development functionaries / financial institutions.
A corporative society with its area of operation as a block which cater to the needs of rural artisans in that area.
Loans which are released in bulk in one go.
A configuration that provides explanations of all required configuration values.
A channel also referred to as OEMI channel and 370 block mux channel, is an IBM designed channel that implements the FIPS - 60 channel, a U. S. channel standard.
Injection of local anesthetic onto or near nerves for temporary control of pain.
To obstruct the way or growth.
Paragraph confined in a block.
Paragraph confined in a block.
Having another similar set.
A type of academic scheduling in which each student has fewer classes per day for a longer period of time.
Blocks Extensible Exchange Protocol (BEEP) is a generic application protocol kernel for connection - oriented, asynchronous interactions which intended to abstract - out the common features that have traditionally been duplicated in each protocol.
The block size of output string cannot be shorter than the block size of input string.
A fixed length string of bits.
Block transfer copied words one by one from the source to the destination.
A group of bits or characters transmitted as a unit and usually containing an encoding procedure for error control purposes.
Valuation that includes many units of components of something (property etc.).
An on - line web journal, serial or diary published by an individual or peer group, usually with facilities for reader comments and discussion threads, made accessible through the World Wide Web is called Blog.
The act of writing in any blogger 's blog is called Blogging.
The subset of internet web sites which are, or relate to, blogs is called blogosphere.
A list of blogs on a blog, which are usually placed in the sidebar of a blog, that reads as the recommendations by the blogger of other blogs is called Blogroll.
Blogware is software designed to simplify the creation and maintenance of weblogs.
The fluid and its suspended formed elements that are circulated through the heart, arteries, capillaries, and veins.
The circulating tissue of the body.
The fluid circulating in the arteries and veins.
Place where human blood is stored.
A store of human blood for use in treatment.
A place for storage of or an institution storing blood or plasma.
A place, usually a separate division of a hospital laboratory, in which blood is collected from donors, typed, and often separated into several components for future transfusion to recipients.
The barrier created by the walls of the capillaries of the brain that prevents certain substances, as most proteins and drugs, from passing from the blood into the brain tissue and cerebrospinal fluid.
One of the minute blood vessels that connect arterioles and venules and are a part of an intricate network throughout the body for the interchange of oxygen, carbon dioxide, and other substances between blood and tissue cells.
Chemical composition of the blood.
The course of the blood from the heart through the arteries, capillaries, and veins back again to the heart.
A semisolid, gelatinous mass of coagulated blood that consists of red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets in a fibrin network.
One of the cells of the blood, a leukocyte or erythrocyte.
One of the cells of the blood, a leukocyte or erythrocyte.
Act of donating own blood.
A laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a needle, or via fingerprick.
movement of blood throughout body
One of the classes (as A, B, AB, or O) into which individual vertebrates and especially human beings or their blood can beseparated on the basis of the presence or absence of specific antigens in the blood.
The process of identifying an individual 's blood group by serologic testing of a sample of blood.
Letting blood.
The ratio of the blood pressure in the lower legs to the blood pressure in the arms.
Being without any bloodshed.
The theropeutic removal of blood, usually from a vein.
The yellow or gray - yellow, protein - containing fluid portion of blood in which the blood cells and platelets are normally suspended.
A minute, irregularly shaped, disklike cytoplasmic body found in blood plasma that promotes blood clotting and has no definite nucleus, no DNA, and no hemoglobin.
The pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries, maintained by the contraction of the left ventricle, the resistance of the arterioles and capillaries, the elasticity of the arterial walls, and by the viscosity and volume of the blood.
The pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries, maintained by the contraction of the left ventricle, the resistance of the arterioles and capillaries, the elasticity of the arterial walls, and by the viscosity and volume of the blood.
The pressure of the circulating blood on the arteries
Some one who is related by birth / blood.
The clear yellowish fluid that remains from blood plasma after fibrinogen, prothrombin, and other clotting factors have been removed by clot formation.
A blood smear is a blood test that gives information about the number and shape of blood cells.
Distribution of blood to different body parts through the blood vessels.
Transfer of blood or blood component from one individual (donor) to another individual (receptor).
The volume of blood (both red blood cells and plasma) in a person 's circulatory system.
Associated with bloodshed.
A hierarchical domain model of educational activities developed by Benjamin Bloom and colleagues. These are: Cognitive, Affective, and Psychomotor.
The condition of flowering.
A collection of flowers.
A spot or stain on something, bad mark on the image.
A temporary recording book maintained by traders.
A paper used for drying ink writing.
A paper used for drying ink writing.
To pass like air current, move along with air
A punch that hurts.
When saved files and directories from permanent storage have been removed by accident, then the action is called as blow away.
To increase something, to enlarge.
To become furious.
When a software fails to operate its functions spectacularly almost as serious as crash and burn, then the status is referred as blow out.
To become furious.
To damage by explosion.
A club, mace.
A color between green and violet on the spectrum
A color between green and violet on the spectrum
A color of normal sky.
A blue colored antelope in North India
This term denotes the ordinary shares of the highest class of company which are high in demand.
Clients who are trustworthy and whose words can be relied upon.
A company which is doing extremely well and its shares are quoted at a high premium.
The rate of interest charged to a blue chip company for its borrowings from financial institutions.
A work relating to manual or industrial job.
A person engaged as manual worker or is an industrial worker.
A color of aqua, teal.
A phylum of bacteria also known as cyanobacteria which produces energy through photosynthesis.
A color between blue green and blue.
A programme for action for doing something.
A feeling of dullness in mind.
The name of a Himalayan sheep.
Sky that is blue.
Blue tooth is a trademark for a wireless technology, which enables the computers, cell phones and other handheld devices to connect each other with the internet.
An attempt to deceive by pretence.
To mislead and deceive.
In the manner of deceit.
A serious mistake done through carelessness.
To be direct in speech or action without considering how others think.
Rudely
Haze
Blu - ray Disc is a next - generation optical disc medium for the storage of digital media, including high - definition video which supercedes the standard DVD and CD mediums.
Become red in face.
It is an image file format used to store bitmap digital images, especially on Microsoft Windows and OS / 2 operating systems.
A type of memory organization or image file format used to store digital images, the term refers to computer programming terminology, meaning just a map of bits, a spatially mapped array of bits.
A notation for the grammars of computer programming languages, instruction sets and communication protocols, as well as a notation for representing parts of natural language grammars.
A kind of wild pig.
A piece of wood, plastic or card used for various purposes e. g. writing, pasting notices etc.
A group of people in an organisation responsible for management.
A group of persons formed for a purpose, authority.
To cover an opening with wooden planks.
It refers to the pivotal examinations that occur at the end of the 9th to 10th grade education (SSC), or at the end of the 11th to 12th grade education (HSC). The scores achieved in these exams are considered very important for getting into university, getting into professional courses or training programs, and even possibly in finding employment.
An appointment at the level of board.
A group of people at the top level of an institution / organisation who provide direction to manage the affairs.
An apex body of people appointed by the Govt. to hears matters related to revenue (Land etc.).
An apex body of people appointed by the Govt. to hears matters related to revenue (Land etc.).
A body constituted to decide about course contents.
An advisory board on the matters of trade nominated by Government.
This is a decision taken by the board on a specific matter and recorded in the proceedings of the meeting.
Flat pieces of wood for building purposes.
Wild pigs.
To brag, tell highly of oneself or achievements conceitedly.
Possessing something deservedly as special.
As speaking about oneself in superlatives.
A transport vessel.
An association of persons for using boats for sport.
An establishment housing boats near the shores.
Popularly there are houses on boats for recreation.
To travel or using boat for pleasure.
An activity of building vessels.
Those who handle boats or ride them.
Contest in which vessels participate for speed.
A travel on a boat.
Vessels of transport or pleasure used in the water bodies.
A pilgrimage place in Bihar where Buddha attained Enlightenment.
A pilgrimage place in Bihar where Buddha attained Enlightenment.
Name of religious fig trees found in Bodh Gaya near Patna.
Physical forms of living or nonbeings, collections of people as entity.
Pertaining to the body.
A bodily ailment or weakness.
A movement for separate homeland by an ethnic group for bodos in Assam.
Relating an autonomous administrative body of Bodoland Territorial Council in Assam.
The name of a port city in Turkey.
A group of people who work together for a particular job / purpose.
The head, neck, trunk, and extremities. Or the material part of a human.
The head, neck, trunk, and extremities. Or the material part of a human.
The head, neck, trunk, and extremities. Or the material part of a human.
The structure of an organism.
the physical structure of animal, organism, plant or object; main part; a corpse
Spaces in the body of an organism filled with fluid.
Parts required for assembling machine.
A group of persons having an independent identity with its own rules and objects e. g. a company formed under companies act.
A person appointed to guard someone.
Persons engaged to protect a person from any physical attacks.
Position of a body.
Body surface made from mesoderm and ectoderm and which encloses the body cavity.
A railway compartment.
To cause hesitation or confusion.
The name of a Konkan village with beach in Goa.
It is an acronym for Bank of India.
A painful, circumscribed pus - filled inflammation of the skin and subcutaneous tissue usually caused by a local staphylococcal infection.
Heating the liquid to a point when it starts to turn into vapor.
That which is cooked in water.
Associated with a liquid that reached its boiling point.
To heat up to the boiling point.
Rowdily
Bokaro is a district in the state of Jharkhand.
The name of a city in Jharkhand named after its biggest industry.
Without having fear or anxiety.
Written words which are thick and heavy.
Associated to being brave.
It is the name of one of the part of Kochi city in the state of Kerala.
Bolgatty place used to be one of the oldest Dutch palaces.
It is the name of a country in South America.
Pertaining to the country of Bolivia.
The natives of Bolivia.
A beetle of family Curculionidae which feeds on cotton buds and flowers.
The name for Hindi film making industry in Mumbai.
To support and strengthen.
Latches
A masticated morsel of food or another substance ready to be swallowed, such as a bolus of barium for x - ray studies.
A single, relatively large quantity of a substance, usually one intended for therapeutic use, such as a bolus dose of a drug injected intravenously.
A term used in Google which refers to practices intended to influence the ranking of particular pages in results returned by the Google search, it is also a visual musical instrument, software that produces animated organic graphics in response to the keyboard, audio music, or on its own.
An object or contrivance that has explosives.
A continuous firing of guns or throwing bombs.
A attack with bombs / heavy guns.
Deliberate use of hard and long words to impress.
A tree of family Malvaceae and genus Bombax commonly known as cotton tree or tree cotton.
Former name of the city of Mumbai in Maharashtra.
One of the historical structures in Mumbai used to be Governor 's residence.
A very large museum exhibiting specimens from the natural world located in Mumbai.
An incident where explosives are detonated.
A trekking route in Arunachal Pradesh.
Those who do things in good faith.
A sincere person.
Luggage which is genuine.
One who genuinely owns something.
A payment that has been made in good faith.
A certificate of debt in which promise is made to pay back with interest a specified sum of money at a future fixed date.
A transaction which has been kept in abeyance till happening of some event.
Debt which has been placed in bond or mortgage or tied.
Goods which have been kept in the custody of custom house officers in a warehouse till duty is paid on them.
A labour who has to work for someone for an indefine period till his debts are cleared.
The stock (of goods) movement of which has been tied to some condition.
Price which is excluding taxes.
A warehouse where goods imported in the country are stored till payment of tax.
The practice of providing finance against / for bonds.
An specimen application for purchase of bonds.
A person holding a bond granted by a private company or government.
Register of accounts where details relating to bonds are recorded.
Market where sale and purchase of securities is undertaken.
Deeds promising repayment of debt taken from the public or private persons.
The bonds which are issued to the holders with an authorisation for issue of shares to them.
A tax avoiding practice where a person will sell securities cum - dividend at a higher price and repurchase them later at a lower price ex - dividend.
The percentage rate of annual profit earned on investment in bonds.
The dense, semirigid, porous, calcified connective tissue forming the major portion of the skeleton of most vertebrates, consisting of a dense organic matrix and an inorganic, mineral component.
The dense, semirigid, porous, calcified connective tissue forming the major portion of the skeleton of most vertebrates, consisting of a dense organic matrix and an inorganic, mineral component.
A piece of hard tissue along with other such parts forms a skeleton in the vertebrates.
A progressive destruction of any kind of bone structure.
A cell that is part of a bone.
Diseases affecting the bones.
One of the elongated bones of the extremities, consisting of a tubular shaft, which is composed of compact bone surrounding a central marrow - filled cavity, and two expanded portions that usually serve as articulation points.
Pieces of hard tissue forming a skeleton in the vertebrates.
Fire lit for celebrating a success.
It is the name of city in Assam.
Money paid as a reward for good work (on addition of salary).
Something that is got in extra for the good performance or windfall.
Additional issue of shares to shareholders without any payment in proportion of their shareholding are bonus shares, and shares issued on payment to shareholders as a right are rights shares.
An issue of shares made by a company without charge and distributed pro rata among existing shareholders.
Bonus payable to a person on his death.
Issue of additional shares to shareholders without raising funds (at no cost).
A bonus share is a free share of stock given to current shareholders in a company.
A collection of written / printed sheets of paper.
An account book.
To reserve something beforehand.
Hardbound or paperback containing sheets of paper handwritten or printed with pictures or words.
A procedure where books are adjusted to suit various purposes by making entries of transactions which may not be actually taking place.
Assets reflected in the holder 's books of accounts / balance sheet.
The amount of balance being reflected in the books.
A process used to ascertain the indicative subscriptions bids of interested investors to a planned issue of securities.
Items which appear as liability payable in the books.
Funds owned by trade debtors.
Funds owned by trade debtors and other accounts which are due.
Items of deposit which appears in the book.
An agent engaged for buying tickets.
An arrangement for availing of some facility like travel in a train / bus or stay in hotel etc. at a particular time.
An arrangement for availing of some facility like travel in a train / bus or stay in hotel etc. at a particular time.
An act of reserving (seat or place).
Profits generated by transactions in foreign exchange, which are actually earned or incorporated in the books.
A place where ticket can be purchased or booking can be made.
A place where ticket can be purchased or booking can be made.
A place where ticket can be purchased or booking can be made.
Entering into transactions of sale / purchase of foreign currency at some future specified date
Reservations.
By virtue of extensive reading.
Person who maintains / writes book.
System of recording financial transactions of a business enterprise in a suitable form.
A small book providing some information.
A little book containing information.
A small wingless insects of the order Psocoptera that infest and destroy books, paper etc.
One who create books.
A simple shortcut created to a web page, usually on some sort of menu is called as Bookmark.
It is a locally stored Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) in the context of the World Wide Web.
An object to place within a book for retrieval of a page, to record an entry for later use.
Books relating to accounts.
Books where transactions relating to business are recorded.
A book of accounts wherein all the business transactions are in the first instance, recorded in order of date.
Printed material / cards / books etc sent by post at lesser postage charge.
The amount of profit that has been shown in the books of account.
That which have its pages bound together.
A place where books are sold.
Documents and Ledgers etc. which are required to be kept by a business entity including final accounts.
A store selling books.
Transactions which are reflected through the process of recording in books.
The process of transfer of entry from one book to another.
To reserve.
The value of the assets of a business concern as shown in the balance sheet.
A logical calculus of truth values or set membership.
Boolean algebra is a variant of ordinary elementary algebra developed in 1854 by George Boole in his book An Investigation of the Laws of Thought.
It is a primitive data type having one of two values: true or false, intended to represent the truth values of logic and Boolean algebra.
It is an expression that results in a Boolean value, that is, TRUE or FALSE. For example, the value for 10 > 7 is TRUE, the value for "Humans are not mortal" is FALSE.
A term used for brisk business activity in terms of higher demand, increased selling and larger profit.
rapid growth; to move forward in rush
Spar or pole, which helps sail to unfurl.
A thing granted in ones favor unexpectedly.
A dish made with yoghurt and vegetables.
Ill - manneredly
Push someone or something up encouragingly.
The proportion in which increase has taken place.
An enclosed compartment used for various purposes.
A temporary tent for some special purposes.
Small enclosures meant for issuing tickets, making phone calls, enquires, etc.
A thing illegally made, copied; illegal alcohol.
Trade (selling etc) illegally - particularly alcoholic drink.
The Boot Loader is a program or set of programs, which places the operating system of a computer into memory and loads other softwares for the operating system to start.
Money which has been granted in addition (than the normal).
It is the disk partition which contains files and supportive files of Windows operating system but not any files responsible for booting.
A hotel employee doing humble jobs.
It is a self - sustaining process that proceeds without external help.
It is a technique by which a simple computer program activates a more complicated system of programs.
The memory that allows new programs to be entered because some simple preliminary instructions or information are already built in.
In reference to computer networking, the Bootstrap Protocol is a network protocol that gathers configuration information from a network server and boots an operating system without user involvement and it used by a network client to obtain an IP address f
A port city in France.
A line at the edge of something or that divides two areas.
To have a common border.
An allowance paid to employees posted in border areas.
An allowance paid to employees posted in border areas.
A place for official inspection near the border.
Neighboring regions with mutual disagreements over the boundaries.
Pits between vessels having the secondary cell wall that form a chamber.
The Border Gateway Multicast Protocol (BGMP) is an attempt to design a true inter - domain multicast routing protocol which can scale to operate in the global Internet.
It is the core routing protocol of the Internet.
A line marking a boundary.
Type of risk that can be just acceptable.
The edges of an area.
A neighboring country.
A system of irrigating agricultural land where water is routed though border strips.
To make a hole with a needle like tool.
Species that bore into wood found in insects or larvae or mollusks.
It is the name of a suburb in Northwest Mumbai.
To take birth.
Carried
The name of one of the largest islands in Southeast Asia.
An area equivalent to township.
To obtain something for a temporary period with a promise to return it.
To copy from or imitate.
The accounts maintained in respect of borrowers who have been lent money.
Funds which have been borrowed.
To make use of funds from others for a temporary time.
One who is borrowing money.
Which suits the needs of a particular borrower or class of borrower.
The practice of receiving something on return basis.
Body / firm or institution which has borrowed money.
A department looking after matters relating to borrowings.
Usually the corporate bodies / trusts / societies etc. have the authority to borrow as per their memorandum of association / bye - laws etc.
Rate relating to borrowing.
Rates of interest applicable for different type of loans / credit facilities fixed by financial institutions.
The total amount of money that a company or organisation owes.
Chest
A person controlling or supervising.
Pertaining to plants.
A park where plants are grown for beauty, research and education.
One who has special scientific expertise in plants.
Branch of science that deals with the study of all plant life.
The specialized study of plants.
A job not perfectly done.
One and the other.
to annoy; to give trouble
The two under reference put together.
A country in southern Africa.
Glass or plastic vessel used to store liquids.
The action of placing liquids inside a container.
The action of placing liquid inside a container.
Some hindrance in the smooth process / progress.
Group of glass or plastic vessels used to store liquids.
Lower part; ground of a water body or object.
To find out and decide about a customer after thorough enquiry covering all related aspects.
The ultimate financial criterion for a business for profit or loss that it makes.
The price which is at the lowest point of a cycle
Bonds issued on the basis of security of ships.
A system of using ship as security for a loan in connection with a voyage.
bottomland; lower parts
to purchase or bargain
Such factories whicha are engaged in purchase of leaf (tea etc.).
A ledger account where purchases are recorded.
The sale of securities under a negotiated agreement between issuer and investor institution.
A large rock smoothed by erosion.
The plural form of "boulder" meaning a large rock smoothed by erosion.
A wide tree - lined street.
A hotel named after a wide tree - lined street.
The plural form of "boulevard" meaning a wide street.
An electronic mail message which became undeliverable and returned as an error notification to the sender is said to `bounce '.
When an e - mail message sent is returned to the sender as undeliverable, then the term of returning the mail is called bounce.
A cheque which has not been honoured by the drawee bank.
A manner of describing someone as doing something in a happy or content way.
obligated; confined to
A long jump; a leap
to limit; to confine.
The participle and past form of "bind" meaning to tie someone or something together.
The plural form of "boundary" meaning a territorial line.
A official line that marks the limit of a country etc.
A territorial line.
A written or printed visible symbol indicating the boundary line.
Asset which is controlled by other 's or limited for use.
A function f defined on some set X with real or complex values is called bounded, if the set of its values is bounded.
A manner of describing the action of tying someone or something together by using another item.
functions taking values in a metric space Y. Such a function f defined on some set X is called bounded if for some a in Y there exists a real number M <  such that d (f (x), a) < = for all x in X. If this is the case, there is also such an M for each other a.
A manner of describing someone as being without limits.
Third person singular form of the verb "bound" meaning the action of walking or running in long strides.
A device which stores the upper and lower bounds on addresses in the memory of a given computer program in a time - sharing system.
A manner of describing something as being generously given.
A manner of describing something as existing in large amounts.
A manner of describing something as existing in large amounts.
Articles / item which are being made with the generous grants from others.
A bunch of flowers.
A whisky made in America from maize.
A money market or a stock exchange.
A small fashion shop.
The plural form of "boutique" meaning a small fashion shop.
The action of removing items which are offensive or improper.
Structure which provides support to climbing plants.
A round container used for eating food.
A recreational game using round balls to knock down pins.
The plural form of the verb "bowl" meaning a round container used for eating food.
A container for putting things in it.
A container for putting things in it.
A container, normally formed of cardboard, which is used to hold items.
The action of fighting a person using only the fists.
The amount that has been kept in the box
The plural form of "box" meaning a container, normally formed of cardboard, which is used to hold items.
A small room in the house where things can be stored.
A young male person.
Boyce Codd Normal Form was developed in 1974 by Raymond F. Boyce and Edgar F. Codd to address certain types of anomalies.
To refuse to take part in something (function etc.) as an act of protest.
To refuse to take part in something (function etc.) as an act of protest.
A way of describing an action as being completed in a childish manner.
The plural form of "boy" meaning a young male person.
A decorative chain or band normally worn on the wrist.
Having very short wings especially of certain insects.
A manner of describing something as slightly salty.
A modified leaf or leaflike structure found below flower, inflorescence axis, or cone scale to protect them.
Having bracts.
A small bract.
A nail with a small head and flat tip used at rectangular cross sections.
A city in the north of England.
The action of saying something in a boastful way.
A Hindi God who is attribute with creation.
Eminennt tourist place in Karnataka, here river Kavery drains itself.
A member of the highest Hindi class of people.
A river located in the Indian state of Orissa.
The plural form of "Brahman" meaning a member of the highest Hindi class of people.
The name of a river in southeast Asia which joins to the Ganges.
A river in southeast Asia which joins to the Ganges.
A temple located in the Orissa state.
A variant spelling of "Brahman" meaning a member of the highest Hindi class of people.
A book written for blind people.
A body organ located inside the skull which controls the rest of the body.
An individual 's preference for using one' s cognitive abilities. There are two styles of thinking - right brain (intuitive, spontaneous, qualitative) and left brain (factual, analytical and quantitative).
When skilled / highly educated people leave the country to some other country for better earning.
A manner of describing someone as doing something in a stupid manner.
A group discussion in order to produce ideas and solve problems.
A geographical area in the Ganges region.
An office of a higher organisation in a particular area.
A secondary stem which arises from the division of main stem.
The part of a tree which grows from the trunk and normally has leaves or flowers.
A part, division or subsection of a company.
Account pertaining to the branch.
An account maintained for inter - branch transactions.
A body of persons constituted to advise the branch in its management affairs.
The person who is managing the branch - the branch manager.
It is a general algorithm to find optimal solutions of various optimization problems, especially in discrete and combinatorial optimization.
Examination of books of accounts of a branch by an auditor.
Person or firm which is conducting audit of the branch.
The banking business conducted by branches of the bank.
For presentation of instruments for ultimate payment through clearing house each branch is assigned a identificate number known as code.
Such an arrangement to ensure that the functioning of the branch is as per rules / procedures.
The plural form of "branch" meaning a part, division or subsection of a company.
A plan of action prepared to open more branches within a given time.
Branch located outside the country.
A process of forming or dividing into branches.
The act of managing a branch.
A interconnected group of branches.
The office of the branch.
An account of daily transactions prepared by the branch in prescribed form for submission to controlling office.
An account that reflects transactions relating to remittances to / from branches.
Various statements to be prepared by branches for submission to various agencies / controlling office etc.
A Testing in which all branches in the program source code are tested at least once.
A long piece of paper or a register used for recording transfer of funds in branch (s).
Detailed information compiled on each branch.
A person engaged or nominated for furthering the sale of some commodity / services etc.
When one remain using for a long time a particular product.
Money with distinctive features.
Which has been earmarked for some specific purpose.
The plural form of "brand" meaning a product with a specific name which is attributed to one single company.
A manner of describing someone as completing an action in a rude and noisy way.
An alloy made up of copper and zinc which has a yellow colour.
The work relating to mintage of money / currency (coins) done on payment.
A plant of genus Brassica, its seeds are used as spice and is used in medicine as a stimulating external application.
Cabbage leaf mustard of family Brassicaceae with cylindric taproot and basal leaves usually cultivated for seed oil.
A plant of genus Brassica, its seeds are used as spice and is used in medicine as a stimulating external application.
A plant of family Brassicaceae with clustered green flower buds.
A herb of family Brassicaceae with edible, immature flower heads.
A herb of family Brassicaceae with a compact head clustered leaves.
A herb of family Brassicaceae which produces corm that develops on the stem a few inches above the ground.
Widely cultivated plant of family Brassicaceae with swollen tuberous taproot.
The action of enduring or facing difficult or dangerous conditions over a long period of time.
Courageous behaviour in times of danger.
The gerund form of "brave" meaning the action of enduring or facing difficult or dangerous conditions.
Fight; a noisy quarrel
A Portuguese speaking country in Latin America.
A manner of describing someone or something from Brazil.
A collective way of describing the people of Brazil.
A way of describing something as belonging to Brazil.
Act act of breaking of law / rule etc.
The act of breaking a rule or a norm.
Act of not honouring the agreement.
Breaking the faith reposed in.
Failure to observe the contract.
Not observing the rules framed for obedience.
Not doing a duty assigned to someone.
An action that breaks the law.
Failure to observe the law.
A rule or norm which has been broken.
To disturb the peace in public.
Failure in honouring the promise made.
Action that breaks the rule in force.
An improper act or the omission to act in accordance with the powers given.
An act contrary to the trust reposed in.
A food item normally made of flour, milk and eggs and then baked in an oven.
The plural form of "bread" meaning a food item normally made of floor, milk and eggs and then baked in an oven.
Measurement from one side to another of something.
It is a graph search algorithm which begins at the root node and explores all the neighboring nodes.
Separate into pieces.
Act of stopping or bring under control.
Break is a special signal to interrupt execution of a computer programme at any given spot, usually for the purpose of debugging.
The action of seperating an item into two or more parts.
A time of rest and relaxation.
A way of describing something as fragile.
The loss or damage due to breaking.
Certification proving the damage due to breakage.
Such agents who deal in wholesale goods in large quantity.
stop working or functioning
stop working or functioning
The action of breaking or decomposition.
It is a technique / mechanism to work out a level of plant capacity utilisation at which sales revenue and product cost match each other.
A chart showing the point where volume of sales need to be equal to cost.
A point where neither a profit is earned not loss is incurred in an activity.
A meal at the start of the day.
The action of forcing entry.
Act of breaking, to crumble
When a declining trend in the prices is noticed.
When there is interruption in continuity of service.
When someone is not in service for some time.
Break key is a key or combination of keys used to tell a computer to halt, or break out of, whatever it is doing.
Break key is a key or combination of keys used to tell a computer to halt, or break out of, whatever it is doing.
The action of stopping something, normally a relationship, with someone.
To separate details in smaller parts.
In banking parlance it is the value of the assets of a concern when it is viewed as a 'gone concern'.
The action of giving food to a child through the mother 's breast.
The femal glands located on the chest which produce milk.
The air which comes out of the mouth in a large amount.
The action of air entering and exiting the lungs.
A way of desribing a person who says words in a low tone.
The action of air entering and exiting the lungs.
form of exercise done through voluntarily controlled inhalation and exhalation
The past form of "breed" meaning to create an animal of a certain type.
A variety with special features.
A certain kind or type of animal.
One who is engaged in rearing (of animals).
Genetically pure seed produced from nucleus seed and are control by breeders.
The process of animals producing young.
Producing of offspring in plants and animals through inbreeding.
Producing of offspring.
A small gust of wind.
A way of describing an action being done easily.
A small gust of wind.
A way of describing a day in which there are many small gusts of wind.
Fellow members of a religious order
An island in Indonesia.
Expressing something in few words or shorten of time.
A kind or type of beer.
The action of making tea, coffee or beer through a specific process.
The person who makes the coffee, wine or beer.
A place where beer is made.
Something given to someone to seek some favour.
Something given to someone to seek some favour.
Giving or accepting bribe.
Objects and ornaments with little value.
A solid block made from cement and water usually used for construction work.
A traditional classroom approach combined with elearning or online learning (as in clicking a mouse). This is more comonly known as blending learning.
A brick server is a compact computer server module without a chassis. They can come in various processor, RAM, I / O, and storage configurations. Similar to the blade servers, the brick servers are designed to fit into rack locations.
Pertaining to bride.
Newly wedded lady.
A product in telecommunication networks that connects a local area network (LAN) to another local area network that uses the same protocol.
A large structure connecting two sides of a river.
This is a type of advance given by the bank for the purpose of assisting a person when selling one asset and buying another.
A strategy to mainstream children of older age especially never enrolled and dropouts back to formal schools through a six month course.
The bridge ID, or BID, is a field inside a BPDU (Bridge Protocol Data Units) packet.
It is an invariant of a knot which is defined as the minimal number of bridges required in all the possible bridge representations of a knot.
A website for the Bridges Organization, which oversees the annual Bridges conference on connections between art and mathematics.
The plural form of "bridge" meaning a large structure connecting two sides of a river.
If there is a many to many relationship between fact table and dimension table then we use bridge table to resolve this relationship. Bridge table is also used to flatten out the hierarchy in the dimension table.
A temple in Ujjain.
The headgear used on a horse for riding.
Preparing necessary information about a situation.
A way of describing something as short or not very long.
Providing facts about an event or work.
The action of doing something in a short or not very long way.
Brief description on separate parts.
Brief description is separate parts.
Short written account of self, education, experience generally sent while seeking a new job.
A ship normally used for the transporting goods.
A large group of soldiers.
A small division of armed forces.
A way of describing something as light and luminous.
luminous, brighter
A way of describing an action as being doing in a light and pleasant manner.
Also known as luminance or photometric brightness, is the luminance intensity of any surface in a given direction.
A large expanse of water in the region of Kullu.
A region in Uttar Pradesh, India.
A region in Uttar Pradesh, India.
A colour 's vividness.
One who is talented.
outstanding, of exceptional excellence
A record of great merit.
Butterfly of genus Gonepteryx with bright yellow color wing.
A temple in West Bengal.
A town in Mathura, India.
The action of taking or going out with something.
The action of retuning an item.
The act of carrying forward something (balances etc.).
To make someone known about something.
Process of preparing blocks / bricks of shreaded notes.
When large number of transaction are taking place.
A hair like structure stiff in nature.
Insects without wings and having a bristlelike tail.
Notes (currency) which may be hard but easily broken.
This refers to high - speed data transmission in which a single cable can carry a large amount of data at once.
An Internet service provider (ISP) feature which accelerates data transfer by using a special server, called an acceleration server, to act as a bridge between the user 's dialup connection and a Web page.
Categorising a general range of values within a range.
The process of consolidating large number of scales of pay into few.
Steps taken or strategy adopted for consolidation of salary structure.
It is a concept and a set of services and developing standards for integrating digital transmission services in a broadband network of fiber optic and radio media.
It transmits outbound signals in an outbound frequency band and inbound signals in an inbound frequency band.
Broadband over power lines (BPL), is the use of Powerline Communication technology to provide broadband Internet access through ordinary power lines.
A Broadband voice gateway is a device which facilitates a user to make telephone calls over a high - speed Internet connection instead of through a regular telephone outlet without having to go through your computer.
Scattering of seeds over a large area generally by hand.
A message that is sent to all users of a computer network when they log on to.
A mode to broadcast such as TCP / IP, IP option 21, M3UA etc.
It is an audio broadcasting service, broadcast through the air as radio waves, a form of electromagnetic radiation, from a transmitter to a receiving antenna.
A signal processing system to broadcast.
A term used to refer to satellite television broadcasts intended for home reception, also referred to more broadly as direct - to - home signals (DTH).
Size of a railway track which is bigger than the normal.
Such type of general instructions which can help doing things in a better way.
Share market which is very active.
One measure of the money supply that includes M1, plus savings and small time deposits, overnight repos at commercial banks and non - institutional money market accounts.
The clear way in which someone thinks about something.
Clear set of rules based on which something has to be done.
A sheet of cloth, paper etc. bigger than the normal size.
Pesticide that is effective against a wide range of pests and are non selective.
A small booklet containing information.
Account which has separated into parts.
The amount which is not in full settlement of the demand but paid in driblets.
Amount which is in change (small coins).
Time separated into pieces.
Interest which is calculated for the broken period and not for the full period.
One who arrange buying and selling for others on commission.
The amount of commission paid to the broker.
Payment of any commission made to a broker by parties for carrying out a transaction.
An instruction to the possessor of the goods by the broker to deliver the goods to a persons named in the order.
A note prepared by the broker giving particulars of the transaction that has been executed.
A medal made of bronze given to a person who comes 3rd in the competitive event.
The young of an animal produced or cared at one time.
Which is brought to next page / year.
Multicellular algae of class Phaeophyceae found in marine water.
Goods (electrical etc.) which are bought to provide better living in the household.
Zig zag movement of particles in a fluid.
Browser is a programme which allows a person to read hypertext and gives some means of viewing contents of nodes and of navigating one node to another.
A software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web.
It is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI).
Browser Helper Object, is an add - in component of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser application, which is designed to provide or expand the functionality of the browser and facilitates developers to improve the Web browser with new features.
A browser hijacker is a form of malware or spyware that replaces the existing internet browser home page, error page, or search page with its own.
To look through the details of the account (at internet / on line).
Small beetles which cause damage to the seeds of leguminous crop plants.
Specialization of covered surface of simple cuboidal epithelium and simple columnar epithelium cells consisting of microvilli.
Group of plants divided into mosses, hornworts and liverworts.
In order to facilitate donations including smaller amounts from India and abroad for implementing projects / programmes connected with the education sector, the Government has constituted the "Bharat Shiksha Kosh" as a Society registered under the Society Registration Act, 1860. The Kosh was officially launched on 09. 01. 2003 during the celebration of Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas.
It is a type of non - volatile computer memory that uses a thin film of a magnetic material to hold small magnetized areas, known as bubbles or domains, each of which stores one bit of data.
It is a simple sorting algorithm.
the lateral side of the face
The opening of the mouth through which animal take food.
Structure which connects oral opening with esophagus found in nematodes.
Oral cavity which contains structures used for mastication and tasting in higher vertebrates.
It is a sorting algorithm that works by partitioning an array into a number of buckets.
Spray system to spray insecticide, pesticides ect in the field.
To get prepared for something.
Undeveloped or embryonic shoot that give rise to shoot in favourable condition.
Nematodes that destroy and kills buds and leaves tissue of plant.
Grafting technique in which a single bud is used to develop a new plant.
It is a procedure wherein two people, the buddies, operate together as a single unit so that they are able to monitor and help each other.
The estimated revenue and expenditure of an entity for a specific period.
The estimated revenue and expenditure of an entity for a specific period.
To distribute the budgetary funds to different entities for specific purposes.
Putting aside funds from the budget for a specific or general purpose.
Which are relating to budget.
An account which will facilitate providing information on expenditure incurred under budgetary provisions to exercise control.
To decide to set apart from the budget (amount) for a specific purpose.
Allocations made to different agencies from the budget.
The process or act of keeping expenditure within the allotted limit.
A process through which power or authority is exercised to follow the mandate in budget.
A stage in the budget exercise where expenditure is more than the estimated income.
Powers connected with the way money is spent in the budget.
The way or course of action that is required to be followed in matters related to budget.
A stage in the budget exercise where estimated income is more than the proposed expenditure.
A budget that gives fairly equal importance to all relevant aspects.
A budget where estimated income is more than the expenditure proposed.
Such construction works which have been provided for in the budget.
The establishment of budgets relating the responsibilities of executives to the requirements of a policy, and the continuous comparison of actual with budgeted results, either to secure by individual action the objective of that policy, or to provide a basis for its revision.
A rough calculating of size and amount of under heads of income and expenditure to be included in budget.
A rough calculation or plan of expenditure in relation to income.
Expected expenditure to be incurred for a particular period.
A budget which changes in response to changes in sales turnover and output.
Amount provided as a help in the budget.
Funds provided through budget for helping a particular sector or purpose.
The title of an item under which various types of estimates of budget are categorised.
Mutual relationship of the various budgets linked to the principal budget for example if the principal budget factor is to prepare sales, other linked budgets has to be prepared afterwards like selling expences budget, production budget etc.
A process of making the budget with an estimate and realistic approach to it.
Plans presented in the budget for consideration.
The amount which has been set aside for specific purpose in the budget.
Budget that stands revised after incorporating modifications.
A list of all planned expenses and revenues.
A meeting of the legislature convened for discussing budget proposals.
A speech made by the finance minister while presenting budget.
Budget that shows estimated revenue more than the proposed expenditure.
An Indian term in trading system with a mechanism for deferring either payment for shares purchased or delivery of shares sold.
A device that protects from an impact.
It is a data area shared by hardware devices or program processes.
Overlapping of buffer with reading and writing.
An index array pertaining to the buffer.
It is a multi - terminal active component with two inputs and two outputs and developed by Cevdet Acar and Serdar.
Population of animal that feeds different species and are prey of other group of animals.
It is an error on device.
During the time of transferring data from one device to another via storage device, if the process attempts to store data and informations beyond the boundaries of fixed length buffer, then this abnormal condition is termed as Buffer Overrun.
A simple register containing digital information temporarily.
A reserve stock of commodity to offset price fluctuations.
A part of RAM used for temporary storage of data that is waiting to be sent to a device.
During the time of transferring data from one device to another via storage device, Buffer underrun is referred to the condition when buffer is exhausted and the PC has not resumed transferring data, since recording data is a real time process.
A place providing light refreshment for people.
An error, flaw, mistake, failure, or fault in a computer program or system that produces an incorrect or unexpected result, or causes it to behave in unintended ways.
A permanent fixed structure used for living / workplace etc. (building).
It is an expression in which an SQL keyword or special operator executes some operation.
A functions which can greatly expand the power and usefulness of SQL.
Area where buildings have been erected.
Food storage organ that grow under the ground which is basically a stem but also has modified leaves.
A bulb or bulb like structure on a flower stalk.
Cylindrical oesophagus which end in the basal bulb.
Temporary increase in quantity or number.
To have an advantage over something.
In large quantity.
Big mass of something.
When goods are moved in large quantity in mass.
Order of goods in large quantity.
Order of goods in large quantity.
Inspection involving large magnitude.
Largest part of something.
Purchases which are great in size.
One who anticipate rise in price (shares etc.).
Giving boost to the share market so that by increasing price to realise profit.
A blister filled with fluid.
Such market where bulls are forcefully operating.
Systematic efforts by the syndicate of bulls to ensure that the market goes up.
The branch of economics that considers the relationship between large scale savings, unemployment, national product and investment etc.
Advance made available for purchasing (shares).
A statement informing people for something important.
BBS is a non commercial dial up service usually run by a user group or software company.
A straight payment in one lumpsum.
A software which downloads files in any order, from any directory on an FTP site.
Gold and Silver in bars.
An account maintained for transactions in bullion.
A place where transactions relating to bullion take place.
A market where bullion / gold / silver is sold / purchased.
A general tendency of confidence (increase in prices).
Selling of shares by the bull operators in every rise in the market.
When bull operators are continuously buying a particular share.
In a large quantity.
Unusually large.
A strip fixed across the front or back of a vehicle to lesson the damage in case of collision.
Plentiful agricultural produce.
More than usual yield of agricultural products.
When all the outstanding debts are combined together for payment at a time.
When expenditure under different heads are brought under one head and continued together.
To bring together the vacancies.
Collection of objects tied together.
Bundled software, commonly known as software bundles or bundleware, is the program sold with a computer as part of a combined hardware / software package.
A large sum of money in notes tied together.
To mismanage things.
A tendency for all prices to rise particularly during period of inflation.
When wealth and resources of a country in terms of production and consumption of goods and services are in a fairly health state.
That stage of the share market when prices are rising constantly.
When industries are producing goods to their capacity to meet the increasing demand.
To carry an obligation.
Such cost which are termed indirect or supplementary, which cannot be charged to a particular job.
A heavy load of taxes to be paid.
An office which transacts specific business.
Officials who run the administration of the government.
An officer of bureacracy (generally considered an insensitive administrator).
Which is growing rapidly upwards.
Root pathogens of genus Radopholus which cause Blackhead toppling disease in Banana tree.
Small fluid - filled sac filled with synovial fluid located at joint to reduce the friction between bones.
A copulatory organ of nematode at the posterior end that surround the vulvar region of female worm.
The cuticular rays that support the bursa.
Genus of nematode which are phoretic, bisexual with no hermaphrodites.
A person managing funds in a college.
Expressing loudly joy because of excitement.
A high - bandwidth transmission over a short period of time.
It is a subsystem that transfers data between computer components inside a computer or between computers.
A computer architecture that uses common data signaling paths for multiple devices, rather than have separate connections between each set of devices that need to communicate.
A commercial activity.
One 's profession or trade.
The work that you do as part of your job.
The type of work one is professing.
Business Activity Monitoring (BAM) is a business process management software that aids in monitoring the series of business activities, as those activities are implemented in computer systems.
The way business is being managed.
An organisation formed by business community.
Business audio refers to a type of service that provides audio content that is licensed for use in a commercial setting.
The type of relationship that is developed during the course of business.
The peaks and lowest points of activity in a business or industry.
A data processing in accounting or business management.
An Organisation / Firm / Entity which is engaged in conducting business.
Principles of good conduct in business dealings.
Through business graphics you can create graphic presentations.
Timings during which transactions can take place.
A big organisation operating in business areas.
It is a subset of the overall internal controls of a business covering the application of people, documents, technologies, and procedures by management accountants to solve business problems such as costing a product, service or a business - wide strategy.
It is a broad category of applications and technologies for collecting, storing, analyzing, and providing access to data to help enterprise users make better business decisions.
A business and technical professionals expert in Performance Management.
Laws relating to business activities.
A man engaged in business activities.
A cause to hinder the business.
A goal that an organization sets for itself, for example, profitability, sales growth, or return on investment.
The business which a bank is permitted to conduct, or the business that is connected with banking.
A commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it.
Something which is done often in business as a tradition.
When a process of business is not completed in house but is assigned to some outside agency.
The act of redesigning of a particular business process.
A scheme proposed which may lead to commercial success of the business.
The position or status of the enterprise which it has earned.
Business Technology Optimization (BTO) is a significant part of an emerging business philosophy, which validates spending in Information Technology and makes sure that every penny invested, every resource allocated, and every application in development o
Business to Business (B2B) refers to electronic commerce between companies either online, brick and mortar or both, that specializes in providing products and services to other businesses and not consumers.
An enterprise engaged in business.
Bus Master is an intelligent device like a PCI adapter card which could control the bus paths on which address and control signals flow.
The period from November to April in India is called so because of the impact of peak agricultural activity in the country.
Busy waiting is used by management applications to check the state of devices.
Busy - wait polling is used by management applications to check the state of devices.
A tree of family Fabaceae, its bark and resin contains tannic and gallic acids and seeds are oily.
Type of trade that moves on quickly from one activity to the next or other one.
Large root that grow above the ground on all side of tree to provide support.
To obtain something in exchange of money.
Such transactions in the share market which are conducted not based on a planned strategy.
To purchase something which proves to be of no value / use.
An arrangement between the company and the investor to purchase its own shares by the company at a future date.
Who buys goods or services.
One who buys something.
An arrangement where an exporter negotiates a deal with the overseas buyer on a cash basis, buyer funding about 20% of the deal and arrange a loan for the rest from a bank.
A situation in the market when there is plentiful supply of goods and the buyer can dictate terms and condition of sale.
A buyer 's position where he does not have any competitor.
When an alternative is available to the buyer.
When purchases are made on the risk of the buyer.
When after executing an order of the buyer the amount that remains at his credit.
This is a situation in stock market where the seller has not delivered the shares to the buyer and the broker must 'buy - in' in order to deliver to the buyer.
When the seller is unable to deliver shares on the fixed date the buyer can buy the share on seller 's account in auction and effect delivery.
When buying of shares is done on the basis of margin available with the broker.
The capacity to purchase something.
Rate prevailing in the market on which purchases are effected.
This is the practice adopted by bull operators to make profit in share trading.
To buy controlling shares of a company (more than 50%) to take our its assets and business.
Noisy like the sound produced by bee.
Continuous sound that is produce by something that buzzes.
A vague idiom, which is uniformly applicable to managerial, technical, administrative and political work environments is called Buzzword.
Causation of.
The election to fill a vacancy arising during term of office.
The election to fill a vacancy arising during term of office.
Set of rules for internal governance of an organisation (society etc.).
An incidental or secondary product made in the manufacture of something else.
To hand over something in person.
Regulation made by a local authority.
Rules made / adopted by a society or institution for its members and to manage its affairs.
In programmed instruction, a technique that permits a student to skip certain portions of the material because of prior knowledge.
To send a thing by post.
Something produced in addition to the main product during the process.
Silky filaments by which bivalve mollusks fix itself to a solid surface.
Byte is a basic unit of measurement of information storate in Computer science. A byte most often consists of eight bits wide.
A unit of digital information in computing and telecommunications.
A text - oriented synchronous communications protocol that handles only full bytes or characters of text, thereby requiring an entire byte to communicate.
The price of which is decided according to its weight.
CA - ACF2 is a set of programs from Computer Associates whicht enable security on mainframes.
An enclosed compartment made of wood.
The baggage that is allowed to be kept in the cabin while travelling by air.
Council of ministers in a Govt. of State.
A small box for keeping something.
A piece of furniture with shelves, door etc. used for storing things.
A committee of senior ministers appointed by the head of the State. Ministers of government
Department of the cabinet affairs looks after the full proceedings of the cabinet.
Cabinet Secretary is a senior civil officer, who provides services and advice to the cabinet ministers and implements the decision of the cabinet.
person who looks after the cabin of a steamer or a railway signal crossing
person who manages the cabin of a steamer or railway signal crossing
In context of computer, a cable is a flexible metal or glass wire or group of wires.
Which conducts, controls and manages the cable
A cable / DSL router refers to such a device which makes available access to the Internet for multiple computers.
Chief person, who conducts cable survey
Telegram sent by undersea cable.
Anything which guards and saves the cable from
The term usually refers to the spot dollar - sterling rate with reference to foreign exchange.
person who supervises and looks after the cable
The cable telephone is voice over IP telephone service which is made available by a cable TV company.
The cable telephone is voice over IP telephone service which is made available by a cable TV company.
Coastal navigation and trade.
cacheable content is a static information which does not change very frequently.
The cache coloring is a method to allocate free pages those are contiguous for CPU caches, in order to maximize the total number of pages cached by the processor.
The cache - oblivious algorithm is an algorithm which has been designed to utilize the CPU cache without having the size of the cache as an explicit parameter.
In computer science, The CA - Clipper is an application development system which has been originally developed by the Nantucket Corporation.
A Genus in the Kingdom Animalia.
A succulent plant of family Cactaceae adapted to arid environment and their leaves modified into spines.
An official person who surveys lands and buildings for tax evaluations.
A register of property for the purpose of taxation.
The CA - dBFast is a dBASE - compatible application development system which has been developed by Computer Associates.
The caddyless is the tray load drive which does not use a caddy for added protection.
The cadence detection is the process of restoration of the original frame sequence in video material.
a trainee student at any military institution.
A corps of students undergoing military training.
A basic unit of serviceman.
A group of personnel.
Authority of cadre groups.
The group that takes care of the victim in emergent conditions
Register in which the number of the cadre is entered for records
Cadre that works on regular basis
The strength of the cadre according to their numbers in the group
Dropping off or shedding at the early stage of development when function is completed.
CA - Easytrieve refers to an application development system which is used for IBM mainframes and Unix.
Pouch of the large intestine into which ileum opens.
A tropical shrub or small tree of family Fabaceae having flowers of yellow, orange or red petals.
coffee house, a small restaurant for light refreshments and drinks.
A structure to contain or protect something.
A tropical herb of family Fabaceae also known as pigeon pea, with yellow flowers and flat pods.
Seed of a leguminous plant, Physostigma venenosum, of family Fabaceae which is poisonous to humans.
An unexpected disaster.
A supposition, proposition or principle which is taken for granted, and over which a conclusion is drawn. Hypothesis, 4. predict in advance
To make a prediction on presumption.
plan to deceive or doze someone in advance
To plan in advance to deprive someone from his rights to use or possess something
To plan in advance to generate trouble in someone 's work.
To plan in advance to make someone feel awkward or ashamed.
To endanger or to threaten the success
Calculating the nearest multiple of a number in relation to another number.
The value that has been determined beforehand.
Machine used for mathematical calculations.
Machine that performs calculations.
An operator who operates a calculating machine.
One who supervises or has charge and direction of a calculating machine. A person who controls the execution of calculating machine
The process of calculating.
The procedure of calculating, determining something by logical or mathematical calculations
The act of calculating interest.
A sum of money gained as net profit.
The result of calculation.
Which is carefully planned and analysed.
Which is prudent judicious and thoughtful.
Machine used for calculations.
A chart showing days, weeks, months in a particular year.
Month appearing in a calendar for a particular year.
A unit of time corresponding approximately to one cycle of the moon 's phases, or about 30 days or 4 weeks.
An ordered list of matters to be considered or a scheduled list.
Period of time from january 1st December 31.
The calendar year which comes next to any calendar year.
Period of time from a specific date in a month the same date in next month.
Steps which are perfect to the standard measure.
An air - cooling technology from IBM for server systems with high component density.
Validation of accuracy of a measuring instrument for optimal measuring by comparing it with standard.
The calibration is the process of making adjustment or bringing the devices into balance.
Calibration disc refers to calibration DVD which is widely available for consumers and professionals.
An measuring instrument used in measuring the inner or outer diameter of round objects.
A bond that is repayable at a certain date or repayable when notice has been issued.
Such loan which is required to be repaid on demand, immediately.
A call account is a deposit account with some financial institution without a fixed maturity date. At any time the deposit can be "called" back.
When a person in share market is allowed right to buy (call option) or right to sell (put option) specified number of shares within a given period.
Which are being sold at low price.
The call block is an A CLASS service facility of the public switched telephone network.
Call book records information of your calls and messages and immediately makes you available the comprehensive reports and statistic data of your mobile records;
In context of computer, such department of a company or a third - party organization which looks after telephone sales and / or service.
The call center overflow is a state of additional traffic beyond the capacity of a specific trunk group, agent group, phone system or call center.
A place designated by an organisation where clients / consumers can approach over telephone for redressal of their problem.
Deposits which are payable on demand like current a / c or SB a / c deposit.
To summon someone to give the interpretation or clarification of something.
Some meeting being called, held and conducted.
Somebody being called by a court for a hearing.
Subscriber (equity etc.) who has been asked to fulfil his obligation (to meet the call).
"called to the Bar" means that an advocate who has been licensed to argue in the court of law
Such part of the capital which members have been called upon to pay.
Someone being summoned to do a particular job.
To require or demand.
To summon someone to give the interpretation or clarification of something.
To summon someone to give information about something.
To demand for examination of some issue or evidence.
To demand for the records of something.
Anyone practicing the art of the fine handwriting
To take out of circulation.
To call arrear payment from a person who was late in payment and was not performing the payment obligations.
When instalment of shares etc. subscribed is not paid on specified date.
The occupation or source of livelihood.
The calling line identification is a network - based CLASS service of the public switched telephone network.
Work relating to reconciliation of entries in books of accounts.
A type of tax that is levied on professionals.
To order or require.
A profession / trade or vocation pursued by somebody for livelihood.
Line of business one is engaged in like trade, industry, craft etc.
Line of business one is engaged in like trade, industry, craft etc.
To doubt the truthfulness of somebody 's statement about something.
To object on something.
Such loan which can be recalled at a short notice or required to be paid on demand.
Money taken as short term loan, which is immediately returnable when called for.
The market where funds are borrowed or lent mainly by banks for overnight use or for a very short period.
Call Notice is defined as calling something from somebody.
To order or request to undertake capital.
To unload, bring something from aeroplane or steamer on earth, to land something in the market.
Carbohydrate in plant cells composed of glucose residues linked together through  - 1, 3 - linkages.
To cause to assemble or to summon.
To cause to assemble or to summon for rendering of service.
Any visit which was paid in advance to somebody for something
The price at which redemption of an obligation like debenture etc. is made.
It is the rate of interest at which commercial banks are prepared to borrow from one another.
Great or massive demands for something, which is other than usual.
Calls made for capital contribution on shares but remain unpaid.
Calls (part of capital) which have been demanded from shareholders but not paid.
To be in a position so that one can gave orders and take decision (during auction).
unpaid or uncompensated on a unscheduled shift or call.
To summon for active service.
To invoke for duty.
To cause one to remember or bring to mind.
To summon for active service.
To order or require.
To summon somebody to give evidence for testify.
To summon somebody to give evidence for testify.
Mass of undifferentiated cells.
A parasitic nematode that attacks root of rice plant.
Part of a skull composed of parts of the frontal, parietal and occipital bones, but may also include parts of the temporal and sphenoid bones.
The cap like part of female sex organ that covers spore case of a moss or related plant.
Outer whorls of the flower that together with petals form perianth which protect flower.
Outer whorls of the flower that together with petals form perianth which protect flower.
The tube formed by the fusion of sepals at the base.
A money changer or person engaged in foreign exchange business.
Lateral meristem found within stems and roots of the vascular plant.
The person who assists the main cameraman
In camera is a legal term which means "in private", which says that a judge in his chamber can hear a case privately, which he thinks that is not fit for the open court hearings.
One who operates a camera for filming.
a meeting held in private.
A temporary shelter (generally in tents).
An organised course of action for particular purpose.
A person entrusted the responsibility of running a campaign.
Bell shape structure.
Shape like a bell, mostly as in flowers.
An camp officer in charge of a particular group of soldiers or displaced persons.
An camp officer in charge of a particular group of soldiers or displaced persons.
The person who puts up a camp.
Some one who supports, follows or sympathizes with the aims and causes of holding the camp, whereas he is not a member of that camp.
Elongated, flattened square - headed larva of an insects.
An camp officer in charge of a particular group of soldiers or displaced persons.
The premises of a school, college, university or hospital.
It refers to the system where various companies come to the college / university campus to recruit bright  new faces to work for them.
A person who deals in transaction of selling and buying cautiously.
A small canal or a narrow space in the body which helps to form liver lobule.
Funds which are routed through some agency for specific purpose.
Goods which are imported in the country through some agency authorised for the purpose.
Such articles which can be imported or traded only through agencies.
A list of articles which are to be traded through agencies only.
The agency which is recognised as the agency through which trading has to be done.
In order to channelize or arrange for sufficient credit.
A canal officer is generally a canal revenue officer who looks after the revenue of commercially used water of the canal, just as irrigation, boating and shipping and water power etc.
It is the measure of the ability of population of the phenotypic production regardless of environment.
To call off.
The act of cancelling.
Cancelling the allotment made.
The act of invalidating or annulling some order, for example, for foreign merchandise, etc.
The act of invalidating or annulling some legal document such as a deed, will, etc.
The act of or instance of cancellation of the nomination of somebody to any office, government body etc.
An act or instance of cancelling the registration of somebody, something or some company registered under any act.
Accounts which have been revoked or withdrawn.
The draft of something which has been invalidated or annulled.
Notes which have been withdrawn from circulation.
It is defined as the structure which is porous, or opened.
It is a spongy bone in which the porous structure is formed in the rods and that spaces are filled with bone marrow.
To invalidate or annul the order to release someone.
To invalidate or annul the allegations put on someone.
To invalidate or annul the pardon or forgiving for a committed crime.
an abnormal growth of cells which cannot be controlled and can be spread very rapidly.
A disease usually in children, that is characterised by destruction of tissue mainly around the mouth.
It is an infection caused by a species of the yeast.
Someone who is seeking appointment on a post.
One who is competing for a post or competing to be elected.
A person contesting in the election for some post.
A person contesting in the election for some post.
The person whose candidature has been cancelled or invalidated.
Position of being a candidate.
Position of being a candidate.
The campaign of a candidate to be elected.
Lit by candles.
Cylinders or blocks of wax which produce light on heating.
A census town in North Goa.
Sweet
Flowering plants of the genus Iberis and family Brassicaceae having red or purple flowers.
Hollow stem of a tall grass.
A stick that people can lean on to help them walk.
A person who binds many canes together in a beautiful way to make some fine thing or things or something which is useful for decoration or domestic or any other use.
An agriculture department officer who looks after the development of cane production.
Of or pertaining to the family canidae or relating to the characteristic of the canids.
The conical teeth that is situated between the incisors and the premolars.
A box of metal which is used for holding dry foodstuffs.
A fungal disease of apple and other trees.
The most commonly used soft that consists of dried leaves of the plant.
The act of eating flesh of the members of their own species.
A person who eats the flesh of other human beings
The process or work of putting foods for preservation.
The process of storing something in a metal cylindrical container.
A heavy automatic gun that fires shells.
A small flexible tube inserted into the body cavity for introducing medication.
A small three - way flexible tube inserted into the body cavity for draining off fluid or introducing medication
A light, narrow boat with pointed ends.
Travel in small boat or paddle.
Travel in a canoe.
Light, narrow boats
A general rule, law or principle by which something is judged.
In computing, a canonical order is the sequence of elements which follows a certain set of rules or specifications.
A general law, rule or criterion relating to currency.
Rules which tell us about the principles of economy (saving in expenditure)
The principles, rules or general law on which decisions of levying taxes are based.
Kiss and cuddle amorously
An ornamental cloth hung or held up over something.
A cloth held up over something to cover it.
A town in South Goa.
An incoherent talk (a jargon).
A characteristic language of a particular group.
A cheese from the Cantal region of France.
With a bad temper, uncooperatively
A restaurant provided by an organization such as a school, college etc.
To walk in pace.
A historic English cathedral city.
The angle or corner on each side of the eye, formed by the junction of the upper and lower lids.
Larvae of a ground beetle of family Cantharidae with orange head.
The operation of forming a new canthus, when one has been destroyed by injury or disease.
An incision of the canthus.
A long projecting beam fixed at only one end.
Supported by a cantilever or cantilevers
Relating to Canton or its inhabitants
A military camp.
A strong, coarse unbleached cloth.
Strong, coarse pieces of cloth used to make tents, sails and a surface for oil painting.
Solicit votes
Soliciting votes in favour of some candidate in election.
A deep gorge
Deep gorges
A drink made from a mixture of alcohol and fruit juice or cream.
The CA - OpenROAD is such a client / server development system which has been developed by Computer Associates, it runs on Windows, X terminal and OS / 2 clients.
In computing, capability - based security is a concept in the design of secure computing systems.
Having ability to do something.
Having the ability to achieve something.
The capacitive method is such a method which uses only one active layer the metallic coated glass panel providing more light to come through.
The capacitive screen is such a display screen which is normally sensitive to the touch of a finger or stylus.
An electronic component which stores electrical charge.
Increase in the ability to do something.
The capacity that has been decided.
The proportion in which the ability to work / produce or perform is being utilised.
An ornamental covering spread over a horse 's saddle.
A cap code is short for capability code, it is the address which is allocated to a pager.
playful leap
one of the tiny blood vessels that connect the arterioles and the venules.
the rhythmic expansion of an artery that may be felt with the finger.
Soil water held cohesively as a continuous film around soil particles.
For each person
Funds invested in a business.
The city that functions as the seat of government of a country.
An account showing the amount given by the owners to a business and profits that have been retained in the business.
This is a regulation which the banks have to comply with, that they should have sufficient capital to support their business and service operations.
To put the capital in correct order or position according to need.
The account that relates to capital and income receipts.
Denotes the value of fixed assets.
Assets of various kinds including land, building, shares etc. which are of fixed nature.
Capital which has been obtained on payment of interest.
The sum which a limited company is authorised to raise.
The budget that relates to investment in capital assets.
It is a technique to examine long term investment plan for acquiring assets like land, building, plant and machinery for capacity expansions etc. purposes.
Amount liable to be charged on capital assets.
The current assets of a business entity e. g. cash in hand / at bank, debtors etc.
The proportion of capital with reference to several other factors when come together at a common point.
Amount incurred in acquiring fixed assets.
Amount of loan available of for acquiring capital assets.
A liability that has been created in connection with acquiring capital goods.
The proportion of deposit with reference to capital - a tool for analysis.
The process of working out an ideal proportion between capital and the amount of deposit in a bank.
Capital which is not being used (in active).
The amount of capital that is being used for business purposes.
The total amount of capital that has been invested in a venture.
Such equipments which form part of capital / fixed assets.
The issued capital of a company.
Funds used to acquire fixed assets or expenditure incurred on improving efficiency of fixed assets.
Funds set aside to be used to acquire fixed assets or to improve the efficiency or extend life of the existing fixed assets.
Funds used to acquire fixed assets or expenditure incurred on improving efficiency of fixed assets.
Account where entries in connection with capital finance are recorded.
Amount of capital that is retained in business for continuous use.
The transfer of large amount of money from one country to another in order to seek greater security, return etc.
Capital that can be converted into cash easily.
The way in which capital is formed.
The difference between the cost price of the asset and the eventual sale value of that asset (increase of profit).
A tax imposed on the net realisation that exceeds the original cost of the asset.
Industries which are engaged in production of capital goods like machinery etc.
To improve the state of deployment of capital in term of quantity.
The amount of capital that is flowing in.
To provide more capital to further activate the activity.
The act of providing capital.
The proportion of capital deployed to capital.
The proportion of capital with reference to input.
The amount of money that has been put into a job.
Industries which may require heavy investment in capital goods like factory, land, building, plant, machinery etc.
Amount of capital that has been put in acquiring capital assets.
Amount of capital that has been put in acquiring capital assets.
A long term debt instrument issued for investment of capital.
To convert retained profits into paid up capital by issue of bonus share etc.
Shares, stocks or bonds etc. being sold in the market at any given time.
That part of authorised capital is issued to share holders and paid for by them.
Very wealthy person
An economic system in which production and distribution system of goods depend on invested private capital and profit making.
Such type of production where capital is the prime or major component.
When income instead of being used for expenditure is recycled in the business.
To convert the interest amount into capital (loan part) at a given interval
The process of drawing amount from reserves to use it for business operations like capital employed.
Generally the expenses which are of preliminary nature or do not relate to one year are / converted or provided with capital.
The amount of profit that has been converted into capital.
A proportion / ratio of labour employed with reference to capital.
Letter of the alphabet (english) written in its large form.
A tax imposed on capital value.
Loan which is obtained for investing in capital goods.
The difference between the cost price (including extension etc, if any) and the eventual sale value of that asset (if loss is there).
When the loss suffered (in business) is of large magnitude.
Machinery used as fixed asset.
A market for borrowing and lending funds usually for medium and long term finance.
When capital rotates in different hands or for different purposes.
The amount of capital which is flowing out.
The amount that is required to be spent on fixed type of assets needed for the business.
The proportion (ratio) of amount of goods or work produced with reference to capital employed.
The nominal amount of capital that has been bought by the shareholders.
To take part in contributing capital.
Payments made for acquisition of capital goods.
Such an economy where it is difficult to mobilise capital being scarce.
Profit that has been earned on sale of capital assets.
Government expenditure which is incurred on acquiring capital assets for public purposes / utility.
That amount of capital which is raised by issue of an invitation to public containing details about activities, projects and investment etc. of the company.
When capital in restricted to limited allotment.
Receipts which are in the nature of capital.
The act of redeeming capital by returning.
Where the redemption is not made via a new issue of shares, an account which is credited with the nominal amount of the shares.
The capital which had flown out, when starts coming back
A type of tax levied for undertaking development.
The amount of capital that is needed for undertaking various activities by the concern.
The reserve created in certain ways which are regarded as not available for distribution as dividends.
The reserves created in certain ways that include the sale of fixed assets at a profit.
A stock or supply of capital that can be drawn.
Such a flourishing economy where capital is available in abundance.
Wealth in the form of money or property owned by a person.
Such means or instruments (investment) through which savings can be made.
Where capital is not available easily and is a scarce commodity.
The money or goods invested in trade, manufacturer etc.
Quantity of capital articles kept ready for use or for trading etc.
Position when nobody wants to invest money or risk their capital.
The way in which capital for the business has been raised - various components of capital mix.
That part of the authorised capital which has been issued and taken up.
Large amount of money.
Proportion or quantitative relation between the assets considered risky and the capital available.
A relationship (proportion) between the capital and the total sales of the business.
The measures of deployment of capital.
The current value of an asset.
The money and other liquid assets available for the day - to - day operation of a business.
Enlarged and knob like structure.
Antenna with narrow base and broader head.
A fee imposed at a set rate per person (like admission for each seat) in educational institution.
A tax fixed at an equal sum per person.
Infestation of the scalp with lice.
A building occupied by state legislature.
The region around the Capitol in Washington DC.
Surrender under conditions which are agreed.
An inflorescence of dense, compact, cluster of flowers or foliages.
A movable flat bone forming the front of the joint between the thigh and the shin.
With sudden and unaccountable changes of mood or behaviour.
More than one tight fitting head - dresses.
Small annual plant of family Brassicaceae having triangular pods.
Shell of protein units enclosing genetic material of virus.
Protein subunit of capsid.
A dry dehiscent fruit developed from two or more carpels.
a small soluble container that contains the dose of an oral medicine or a vitamin.
a small soluble container that contains the dose of an oral medicine or a vitamin.
A structure developed from two or more carpels.
A procedure in which the entire capsule of scar tissue is surgically removed
An officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant.
An officer in command of a military / merchant ship.
Such an industrialist or an industrial unit that plays a lead role in the industry circle.
Strongly attracted
A person / animal who is confined
Which is for restricted or controlled use.
Such a market where deals are done in a limited way by domestic people.
Such an agent connected with some institution who undertakes work relating to that institution only.
Such mines which can be used only for a decided limited use.
To take as captive.
The act of taking of a person by force.
Forcibly taking one 's money or property.
The capture card denotes such an expansion board which provides inputs and outputs for analog and digital video.
Capital of Venezuela
Burnt sugar; used to colour and flavour food.
Group of passengers generally travels together with wagons or animals.
Groups of passengers generally travels together with wagons or animals.
North most island of Bissagos Islands.
An ester of carbamic acid.
An organic compound consisting of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen and is the main source of energy.
A nonmetallic tetravalent element occuring in three allotropic forms.
Process that incorporate gaseous carbon dioxide into soilid organic compound.
A colourless and odourless gas, carried in the blood to the lungs where it is exhaled.
Relating to or consisting of or yielding of
A colourless, odourless highly poisonous gas formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon.
A painful bacteral infection of the skin and subcutaneous tissue through which the pus is discharged.
The dead body of the animal that is dressed for food.
A type of fruit that develops from polycarpellary syncarpous.
It is any substance that can cause or aggravates cancer.
The tendency of an agent or a substance to cause cancer.
A small tumour arising from the gastrointestinal tract.
Any malignant tumour derived from the epithelial tissue.
A Indian herb having capsular fruits with seeds used as a spice.
Aromatic seed / powder used for seasoning.
A kind of fruit from tree in its natural appearance.
Aromatic seeds used for seasoning.
The upper part of the stomach where it is connected to the esophagus.
The upper part of the stomach where it is connected to the esophagus.
The junction orifice of the stomach and the part of the stomach that is connected to the esophagus.
Of, near, or pertaining to the heart.
The sequence of events in the heart between the start of one contraction and the start of the next.
Mucus secreting glands found in the cardia region of the stomach.
The movement of the chest wall produced by the cardiac contraction.
It is a vasodynamic parameter that relates the cardiac output to body 's surface area.
It is a device for continual observation of the function of the heart.
A form of anxiety concerning to the state of heart, as a result of palpitation, chest pain or other symptoms.
The oedema resulting from congestive heart failure.
The specialized bit of heart tissue which helps in controlling the heart beats.
The burning pain or discomfort in the center of the chest is known to be cardiac pain.
A pharmacologic agent which helps in increasing the action of the heart is cardiac stimulant.
It is defined as the term which is of foremost importance.
It is defined as the term which is of foremost importance.
Of greatest importance, fundamental
In computer engineering, it refers to one data table with respect to another data table which is a critical aspect of database design.
Rules of fundamental importance.
Cardiogenic is the thing which is having its origin in the heart, and caused due to normal and abnormal functioning of the heart.
The graphical recording which is used to diagnose the heart disorders.
The specialist in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease.
A person specialist in cardiology.
The enlargement of the heart which is considered to be abnormal is cardiomegaly.
The disease condition of the muscles of the heart which is to be diagnosed.
The specially designed phone for listening the sounds of the heart
The electronic instrument which is used in recording the sound of heart.
Plant of family Asteraceae having compound leaves, prickly flowers and thorns on the leaves.
A piece of thick, stiff paper or thin pasteboard, used for writing or printing on.
To pull a special plastic card through a machine to record information in a computer.
Sense of protection (To be interested).
To take care of.
The activity involved in providing attention and treatment towards someone or something.
The activity involved in providing attention and treatment towards someone or something.
The activity involved in providing attention and treatment towards someone or something.
state of concerntration
Profession in which one has been trained.
Profession pursued for earning livlihood.
The profession in which one is engaged.
The period of time in life that has been spent in pursuing a particular activity.
Particular occupation for which you are trained.
Exercising caution or showing care or attention.
Taking care or paying attention.
The prevention, and maintenance by the health care physician and treatment to the illness is a care health.
The care which is given to the pregnant woman throughout her pregnancy upto the labor.
Without care or concern
Touch or stroke gently or lovingly
A person to taken care (looks after).
One who looks after something (building etc.) in the absence of someone.
A person who takes care of something.
A Government which holds office for a temporary period till regular arrangements are made.
Goods to be carried by a ship.
Goods carried on vehicle, aircraft or ship.
Goods that is carried / brought by ship.
Goods carried on a ship, aircraft, or motor vehicle.
Ship which is used for carrying goods.
A statement prepared after cargo is released after due formalities.
Arrangement that are made or facilities provided for loading / uploading of goods at a part.
A list of cargo.
An insurance policy obtained for cargo in the ship.
Maximum weight that a ship can carry.
The region consisting of the Caribbean Sea, its islands and surrounding area.
A picture, or imitation of a person in which certain striking characters are exaggerated in order to create a comic effect.
Caries is the cavity or decay which might be related to the bone or tooth.
Caries is the cavity or decay which might be related to the bone or tooth.
Kneel shape structure formed by the fusion of petals in pea.
The thing which helps in expelling the gas from the stomach or intestine (alimentary canal).
Region of South India lying between the Eastern Ghats and the Coromandel Coast.
Type of music from Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
Festival marked by merrymaking and processions.
festivals or revels.
Animals that feed on other animals.
The flesh eating living beings are known as carnivoro.
Feeding on animals.
A plant that feed on animals for nutrients.
Feeding on animals.
A fat soluble plant pigment.
The chemoreceptor located near the bifurcations of the carotid arteries that monitors the changes in the oxygen level in the blood and also helps to control the respiration.
A deep - bodied fresh water fish, typically with barbell around the mouth.
Raise objection
The small bone of any of the eight bones of the wrist of the primates is known to be carpal.
Female reproductive part of flower, forming innermost whorl which contain seeds.
A person who is skilled in doing wood work.
Large bee of family Apidae and genus Xylocopa which forms tunnels in wood or plant stems.
A person who is equally skilled in wood and metal work.
Insects of family Cossidae which are tree borers.
A floor covering made up of a piece of thick heavy fabric.
Floor coverings made up of a piece of thick heavy fabric.
A structure at the top of the stem that bears sporophytes.
A stalk like receptor to which calyx are attached.
A small desk (usually) featuring high sides meant to visually isolate its user from any surroundings either partially or totally. They were a predecessor to the more recent cubicle desk.
A small desk (usually) featuring high sides meant to visually isolate its user from any surroundings either partially or totally. They were a predecessor to the more recent cubicle desk.
A railway passanger vehicle.
Act of moving goods from one place to another.
A vehicle with wheels typically drawn by one or more horses.
Account maintained for carrying goods.
An account showing amount incurred on carriage and cartage.
Amount paid for carrying and carting of the goods.
Charges to be paid for carrying goods.
Freight paid on incoming goods.
The cost of carriage of goods which may be for incoming or outgoing goods.
Frieght paid on outgoing goods.
A place for carriage shelter.
To take the balance from one place to another place.
Which has been taken to next year or page.
To transfer to the next page or column.
People who convey goods to people.
When company carrying the goods is to be held responsible for any loss.
To gain something (To earn profit).
To convey or move something from one place to another.
When losses are adjusted with the accounts of surplus available in the previous year.
In computer processors, carry flag is a single bit in a system status register which is used to signify an arithmetic carry or borrow which has been created out of the most significant ALU bit position.
To transfer to the next page / column etc.
To continue
When losses are transferred to the next accounting year for adjustment with that year 's earnings.
A charge added to the price of something you have bought by instalments.
The cost involved when something is carried over for a period of time.
Performing an activity.
The business relating to transportation of goods.
Implementation
To win
Continue an activity or task
Continue to move in the same direction.
To implement or to fulfill.
Perform a task
The figures / text forwarded to next page.
Transfer from one place to another.
A amount of money that has not been used and is available to use later.
To move a total to the next page for adding to other number.
Stock which has been carried from the last year.
Complete a project.
A four - wheeled road vehicle.
The cost of transportation.
The price paid for carting.
A general agreement between the producers to keep the price of goods at an agreed level to have control.
Act of forming group of producers / companies who agree to fix prices to limit competition.
An association of manufacturers or suppliers maintaining prices at a high level.
Computing Fundamentals, these provide a method of rendering graphs and indicating the positions of points on a two - dimensional (2D) surface or in three - dimensional (3D) space.
Widely grown plant of family Asteraceae having red or orange flower heads which contains seeds that yields a valuable oil.
A tough, elastic, supportive connective tissue that is found in various parts of the body which cushions the bones at the joints firmly.
A humorous or satirical drawing especially published in a newspaper or magazine.
A humorous or satirical drawing especially published in a newspaper or magazine.
A humorous or satirical drawing especially published in a newspaper or magazine.
A humorous or satirical drawing especially published in a newspaper or magazine.
A simple drawing showing features of the subject in a humorous way.
A strong vehicle usually with 2 or 4 wheels.
A fleshy naked outgrowth which is considered as abnormal.
An abnormal fleshy outgrowth attached to the seeds.
Cut a hard object to produce a design.
To engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
A dome - shaped pavilion which is carved.
Temples that have carvings on the sides or top.
Wooden objects made from carving wood.
Persons who carve designs into objects.
Designs made by carving.
A place in India.
A city in Goa.
A boutique resort in Goa.
An individual counter element, usually containing a number of flip - flops in a chain of such elements. Also called modular counter.
A computer resident virus which was widespread in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Something that have the effect of hanging down in large quantities.
Examples of particular situation.
Some happening of event.
A situation described.
A law suit.
A matter filed in a court of law.
Case is the occurrence or instance of something.
A container
An instance or particular situation.
case cracker is the tool which used to "crack" (open) the cases of several desktop computers without any damage to them.
The person whose name a drawer of a bill or endorser may insert to whom the holder may resort in case of need, i. e. dishonour etc.
A classroom in which children with a diversity of learning needs and abilities share instructional space and all staff members who are responsible for providing support work together to benefit all the students in the class.
A classroom in which children with a diversity of learning needs and abilities share instructional space and all staff members who are responsible for providing support work together to benefit all the students in the class.
Particular situations
Detailed account of a situation that has been studied.
The CASE tool is such a tool which provides automated methods for designing and documenting traditional structured programming techniques.
Amount in bank notes or coin.
Anything that can be turned into cash.
Money in coins or notes.
An account depicting cash transactions.
Amount of advance pain in cash.
Delivery by the presenting bank to the importer of commercial documents against immediate payment.
Delivery by the presenting bank to the importer of commercial documents against immediate payment.
Where goods are allowed to be carried in bulk on payment of cash.
A department looking after cash and payment of salary in an organisation.
The amount of money that a business will have on deposit with a bank.
The amount of money that a business will have on deposit with a bank.
Cash at the end of business day.
A book containing record of all transactions going through the cash in bank accounts.
A book which records minor expenses and funds which are received from time to time.
A small container where cash is kept.
Process of preparing a budget by allocating cash.
Person who makes cash payment for purchases.
A certificate issued in token of having deposit some amount.
Charges levied for drawing cash in certain cases.
A box used for storing cash or valuables.
A scheme formulated and implemented by Govt. of India under which certain incentives are provided to exporters so that they can compete in the international market.
The cash support compensates the Indian exporters for the amount of taxes and levies on inputs needed for production etc.
Means of regulating movements of cash.
A table like place where cash is counted (may be receipt or payment).
A profitable business with regular cash flow because of continuous demand and popularity of the product.
A type of working capital loan faulty.
This is an arrangement under which banks make funds available upto certain limit for working capital on security of current assets.
This is an arrangement under which banks make funds available upto certain limit for working capital on security of current assets.
A working capital type loan facility which is allowed against security of stocks / merchandise.
The facility of making available funds to the borrowers upto certain limit during a fixed period with obtaining separate set of application for each drawal.
Crops which are grown in order to be sold rather than to be used by the people growing that crop.
Such loans which are provided as short term credit but can be converted into long term.
Amount which has been deposited in cash.
The amount of cash held by bank which form ratio of cash to current liabilities.
A type of discount allowed by a seller to his buyer to encourage him to make prompt payment.
A machine (ATM) installed at selected places by banks to enable persons with cards to withdraw cash as and when required.
Full payment on cash on purchases.
A cheque on which payment has already been received.
An edible kidney - shaped nut which is rich in oil and protein.
Places where the kidney shaped nuts are processed.
A statement which reflects all cash transactions in a business (receipt and payment both).
An intelligent estimation or prediction for cash requirement or cash flow based on strength and weaknesses of the business.
Ability to create or produce cash through business process.
A person handling payments and receipts in a shop, bank, institute, or business.
A book in ancient roll form maintained by the cashier for recording transaction for the day.
Permission to import something by using cash as mode of payment.
Under this scheme exporters of certain commodities can get refund of customs and duties paid on components used for production of goods meant for export and also get incentives like interest free credit for some days.
Amount of money hold in the form of notes and coin.
The cash which has been remitted but has not reached the destination.
The cash which has been remitted but has not reached the destination.
A register maintained to record receipt and remittance of the cash.
A market where transactions in commodities, currencies etc. are traded on cash basis.
A receipt for purchases made for cash.
Co - relation between cash and the transaction so effected.
The amount of money that a business concern will have on deposit with banks in different type of accounts.
The amount of money that a business concern will have on deposit with banks in different type of accounts.
Payment that has been made in cash.
Amount of cash kept for meeting day - to - day small expenses.
The proportion / ratio of cash to current liabilities.
The amount of money that is asked for buying in cash.
Award presented in cash.
Things which have been bought in cash payment basis.
Purchases made against payment of cash.
Rates applicable to the purchases made on payment of cash.
Amount that is to be recovered in cash.
To give back money.
Amount to be given back in cash.
Remittance that is sent in cash.
A amount of money sent to someone through some mode like TT / MT / TPO etc.
A register in which formal request / demand for cash is entered.
Amount of cash set apart for future need.
Some minimum amount of cash reserve which has some relationship with time and demand liabilities of the bank, required to be maintained by banks as per RBI guidelines.
A legal obligation on banks to maintain certain reserves in the form of cash with RBI.
Such a company which has cash or liquidity in abundance.
Such minerals which fetch high value.
Sales made in cash.
Such sales which are against receipt of cash.
Something settled by cash payment.
When money is paid in cash for subscribing something.
Money granted as assistance when made available in cash.
The system of accounting which is based on settlement of transactions in cash.
Transactions which are effected on cash basis.
The act of transacting.
To move money from the control of one account to another.
States which are facing difficult situation in relation to cash.
A mobile vehicle used for carrying cash for replenishment in ATMs or branches etc.
Such trees which give cash returns / yield in the season such as Mango / Apple tree.
A cover or shell that protects something.
A building used for gambling and entertainment.
A small box in which jewellery or other valuables are kept.
Suberin containing strip in the walls of endodermis that regulates the flow of water to the xylem.
A fleshy root which is the source of tapioca and also a staple food in tropical region.
An ornamental plant also known as Golden Shower Tree of family Fabaceae having golden yellow flowers in pendulous racemes and its fruitpulp is used as laxative.
A kind of mould in which an object is formed.
One of the social classes acquired by birth.
Social status or position decided by a system based on class.
A certificate pertaining to caste.
A fort in Mumbai.
Where there is equal number of votes for and against of a proposal the person chairing the meeting bear one additional vote that can be used to make a decision.
A large historical building formerly occupied by a ruler and fortified against attack.
Many buildings formerly occupied by a king.
A flowering plant of family Euphorbiaceae with spiny capsules containing seeds that are the source of castor oil.
Removing the sex glands or inhibit the function of reproductive organs.
Removing the testicles in male, and the ovaries in female or inhibit the function of both of them.
In graphic design, it is an effect where an image is repeated behind itself to create the illusion that the image is floating over its background.
Which is happening by chance without planning.
Natural and unplanned
amount of money which is received intermittently, and suddenly and not regularly or in a planned way.
An indent which is not regular but has been made due to chance.
The department that is staffed to provide the emergency care to the patient.
Worker engaged for a short period.
A worker engaged for a short period (of time).
Leave available for accidental purposes.
When amount of money is required to be sent suddenly.
Renewals undertaken without proper planning.
persons deal or wounded in accident or war.
A person wounded in an accident.
Incidental misfortune or nasty blow.
An accident in which the person is injured, or destroyed.
An accident in which the person is injured, or destroyed.
Emergency treatment provider Department in a Hospital.
A report that provides information on casualties.
A labourer who is not engaged on a regular job.
A tree having jointed leafless branchlets.
A small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout.
In living organisms the complex molecules are broken down into simpler form of molecules with the release of energy is known to be the catabolism.
The process in which complex biomolecules are broken down into smaller units with release of energy.
Underground cemeteries.
A list of articles.
A descriptive itemised list of articles.
List of items arrange in a systematic way.
A cause for a process or action to begin.
It is the process in which the particular substance helps in increasing the rate of reaction without any alteration of that substance.
It is the substance which helps in increasing the rate of reaction without any effect on itself.
A substance which increases or decreases the rate of the chemical reaction without getting consumed in the reaction.
A yatch or other boat with parallel hulls.
It is the sudden episode of loss of muscle tone, which is often caused because of strong emotions.
It is the eye disease in which the clear, transparent lens of eye becomes opaque.
The knife which is used in ophthalmic operations which has the needle like ends.
The lens placed within the eye, replacing the natural crystalline lens due to cataract.
The nose and throat inflammation with increase production of mucus.
Inflammation of the whole respiratory tract.
It can be defined as relating to or having the characteristic feature of catarrh.
A big and sudden disaster that leaves destruction behind it.
It is the condition in which the muscular behavior is disturbed, then it may be psychological or neurological.
Hold something
In context of computer, Catch - 22 refers to the situation with software which would be trying to install a new version of the OS that conflicts with the current display driver.
Situation in trade or profession which is disadvantageous.
Grasp or try to grasp
A vegetable crop that grows quickly, planted between two rows of another crop.
A person which takes hold of something.
With instant appeal
Structure in which water is collected.
Become popular
A word that provides clue or draws attention.
Spiny tree having twice - pinnate leaves and yellow flowers.
Clear without any uncertainty.
Without condition and unambiguous.
Categorical aid is meant to provide services for students with special needs, to improve instruction and curriculum, or to support social and health programs.
in a clear manner, flat, action of expression which is easy to understand manner.
A concept that marks division in conceptual scheme.
assignment of place into scheme.
assignment of place into scheme.
An organised group of persons or articles (things).
Collection of objects sharing some common similarity.
Collection of things sharing same thing.
to provide required, especially basic needs.
Eating arrangements in functions / parties.
The business of providing food and drinks for seminars, conferences, meetings or social events.
The business of providing food and drinks for seminars, conferences, meetings or social events.
The business of providing food and drinks for seminars, conferences, meetings or social events.
Providing food and services.
Larval stage of butterflies and moths having segmented body.
A wormlike and often brightly colored, hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth.
It is the strong thin cord made from stretching the intestines of the animals.
Herbaceous plant of family Apocynaceae having large pinkish flower commonly cultivated for medicinal and ornamental purpose.
It is that drug which is purgative and helps in defecation.
The liquid which contains the pugative agent that carry out defecation.
Large, important church
Main church
Name given to any female.
A thin, hollow tube for insertion in the body cavity or duct to allow the withdrawl of fluid.
It is the operation of inserting the catheter into the body for the drainage of excess fluid.
It is the procedure of examining the function of heart and its blood vessels.
pertaining to christian church.
The CATIA denotes family of 2D and 3D CAD programs devloped by IBM, it is considerd as one of the first CAD programs for providing 3D solid modeling.
An ion which has the positive charge on it is known as a cation.
A cylindrical spikelike inflorescence usually containing unisexual flowers with no petals.
Domesticated animals.
A process of counting animals.
A fair where you can buy domesticated animals.
A cattle shelter to keep stray animals.
A cattle shed to keep miloh animals.
CAU is an abbreviation for Controlled Access Unit, it refers to IBM 's intelligent hub which is used for Token Ring networks.
A bundle of the nerve roots that arise from the bottom of the spinal cord is cauda equina.
Of, at or near the tail or pertaining to the tail is known as caudal.
Having resemblence with a tail or situated near a tail or posterior part of the body.
A wing or wing like structure present at the posterior end of the body or near tail.
Large skin gland present or associated with the base of tail.
Larva form in species that parasitize Coccidae and Aphididae with setae on the distal part and a tail like organ develop from the last segment of abdomen.
A large metal pot.
A vegetable in the species Brassica oleracea having a compact head of white flower buds surrounded by bunch of leaves.
A vegetable having white flower buds and is edible.
The auricle or ear which is swollen and deformed due to injuries.
A waterproof filler or sealant used in building to make them watertight.
The peripheral nerve injury which causes the severe burning pain is causalgia.
In causal manner.
Any event that is producing an effect or result for particular thing.
A series of actions promoting a principle or tending toward a particular goal.
A list of cases to be heard in the court.
reasons of happening
express survival from specific condition
A road that is raised above water or sand.
In burning, vitriolic manner.
The procedure by which the abnormal cells can be destroyed by heat.
The instrument used to destroy abnormal tissue by application of heat for medical reason is termed as cautery.
warning to be careful.
Close attention to minimize risk.
Such an advice that serves as warning.
A process of listing the names of exporters who delays the realisation of export proceeds or fail to comply with rules (FERA).
Amount to be kept as deposit for execution of specific work.
Amount to be kept as deposit for execution of specific work.
In attentive, vigilant manner.
A river in southern India.
Troops trained to fight on horseback.
A bar in London.
CAVE is an abbreviation for Computer Automatic Virtual Environment, it refers to a virtual reality system which makes use of projectors to display images on three or four walls and the floor.
Let the buyer beware (The principle that signifies that the buyer alone is responsible if he is not satisfied).
The caution to be exercised on the part of the seller that items sold meet the requisite standards.
Being or suggesting a cavern
A hollow under or into the earth.
A temple made in a hollow which is natural.
A natural hollow within the body.
an opening or space in the body
hole in a tooth
A hole surrounded by something.
small space surrounded by something
the space between the eardrum and the inner ear
To have lively or boisterous fun.
A fistula that is situated between two internal organs.
Center for Development of Advanced computing
A digitally encoded recording on an optical disk.
Put an end to a state or activity.
Suspension of hostilities.
With unflagging resolve.
Genus of trees in family Pinaceae having durable scented wood and are corniferous.
A tree of the family Cupressaceae.
Give over, surrender to someone.
A large corniferous tree of species Cedar having needle like leaves and spreading branches.
An upper limit of something.
An upper limit fixed.
The upper limit upto which loans can be granted.
Upper limit of coastal goods that can be exported.
An upper limit of price on which goods can be bought.
The rates which are at the peak or maximum.
An overhead surface of a covered space.
Have a celebration
An act of celebrating.
A joyous occasion
A joyful occasion for festivities to mark happy event.
Widely known people
Widely known person
Of or relating to sky
Unmarried status of a person
A small working group created for specific purpose.
the smallest structural and functional unit of a living structure
Smallest structural and functional unit of all organism.
a small room or compartment
The inner chamber of a temple.
Constancy in the number of cells in the body, or a part thereof, and is same in all the members of species.
Division of parent cell into two or more daughter cells.
a cell containing fat
reproductive cells
The first ubiquitous wireless telephone. Originally analog, all new cellular systems are digital, which has enabled the cellphone to turn into a handheld personal computer. Also called mobile phone or cellular telephone.
A small compartment.
Fluid inside the vacuole of a plant cell.
The theory that states that all living organism are made of structrual and functional unit, called cell.
derived from, pertaining to or composed of cells
Characterized by or related to cells.
The cellular card is a wireless network adapter which is used for laptop, PDA or cellphone.
A colonial prison.
The cellular modem is such a wireless adapter which connects a laptop computer to a cellular telephone system for data transfer.
The first ubiquitous wireless telephone. Originally analog, all new cellular systems are digital, which has enabled the cellphone to turn into a handheld personal computer. Also called mobile phone or cellphone.
inflammation of connective tissue
A polysaccharide consisting of linked glucose units and is the structural component of plant cell wall.
A rigid layer of polysaccharides surrounding the cells in plants, bacteria, fungi, algae, and some archaea for rigidity and strength.
A scale and unit of measure for temperature.
Graveyard
A place of burial.
Charitable fund created for managing cemetery.
A monument built to honour the people.
Mechanism in which seeds are discharged from capsule through small outlets in certain plants for restricted escape of seeds.
To remove objectionable portions from news, films etc.
In criticizing manner.
An expression of strong condemnation.
An expression of strong condemnation.
Harsh criticism or disapproval
A motion for condemnation.
Periodic counting of population of a country.
periodic counting of population by the government
Periodic count of the population.
pertaining to period of 100 years.
A low - lying region in Central France.
The centering cone is such a short plastic or metal cone which is used to make alignment of a 5. 25 "floppy disk to the drive spindle.
Something in a central position.
Another term for celsius.
A metric unit of length.
Metric unit of length.
Metric unit of length.
Which is the Principal.
main or chief
pertaining to the nervous system
In the middle of something.
Which is the main or principle account.
The Principal office looking after accounts.
A section that looks after accounts.
A regency in Indonesia.
Core region of Asia.
Relating to or inhabitant of Central Asia.
A central unit of audit.
The bank which controls currency, regulates money supply, and acts as a link between the Government and the banking system in any country is known as central bank.
Apex body of Revenue matters (In India).
Commercial and geographic part of a city.
A type of tax levied by Central (Govt.).
A cadre of central civil services.
Rules governing central civil services.
A cooperative bank established / working at district level which is working as central cooperative bank for cooperative sector.
Funds in the national treasury.
A tax levied by central Govt. on provocation of certain goods (in the country)
A tax levied by central Govt. on provocation of certain goods (in the country)
Schedule of rates for central excise.
The principal agency or institution which makes available finance.
A research institute located in Mysore.
Government at the Centre.
Government at the Centre.
Government at the Centre.
The mid - point of India.
A biogeographic region in India consisting of 3 important plateaus.
Concentrate under a single authority.
The process of planning in which one central group control the planning process and tells others what to do.
To bring various activities under one authority.
To bring various activities under one authority.
When a good number of industries are concentrated at a particular place or centre.
Bring together in one place.
Services controlled by Central Government.
Services controlled by Central Government.
A province in Indonesia.
The heart of Kolkata.
The principal or main bank which is engaged in financing of land development activities (generally at district level).
Located in the centre.
Scheme which is aided by Centre.
Scheme which is funded by Centre.
Scheme which is sponsored by Centre.
A tourist attraction in Kuala Lumpur.
Principal / main agencies connected with monetary activities / functions.
Part of the nervous system consisting of brain and spinal cord which control many body functions.
A central office switch is the telephone central office switch which is connected directly to the customer.
Which is the main / principal agency connected with planning activities.
A central processing unit is the computing part of the computer.
Principal component of a digital computer which is organised with a control unit, an instruction - decoding unit, and an arithmetic - logic unit.
A department of the Central Govt. that looks after construction activities.
An entity of Indian Railways.
Centralised Registration Office of the Government.
Centralised Registration Office of the Government.
Revenue receipts of the Central Government.
A room in the Parliament Premises (Indian).
Name of an organisation.
Tax levied by central Government of sale and selected goods.
Where Principal offices of Central Government are situated.
Principal statement.
Act of Central Government for levying tax.
Taxes levied by Centre.
Principal Treasury of the Government.
Rules of Central Treasury.
A section (part) of Central Treasury.
A place of central activity.
the middle point of a body
A place where some particular activity is concentrated.
A building dedicated to a particular activity.
A chain of hotels.
CENTREX denotes to such a telephone service therein the PBX is located in the telephone company 's premises.
transmitting nerve impulse away from the central nervous system
the process that involves use of centrifuge
The Centrino Duo is such a Centrino chip platform which makes use of the Core Duo or Core 2 Duo CPU.
The Centrino Pro refers to the laptop computer technology which is based on a combination of Centrino and Intel 's vPro chip platforms.
Tubular organelle found in most animal eukaryotic cells composed of nine triplets of microtubules and take part in cell division.
inflowing toward the centre
Region of DNA where the sister cromatids are in contact.
a group of neurons governing a specific function
A monetary unit in various countries.
A period of hundred years.
Multiply by hundred or a very large amount.
A period of a hundred years.
Scoring 100 numbers.
A period of 100 years.
100 years
The process of crediting tax levied by the Central Govt. on goods or services.
pain in head
relating to head or cranium
Related to head.
Large lobe on the forehead of some ray.
Region on the head.
Sensilla positioned or related to head instead of lips.
Sensory organ in the head.
Structure in the cephalic region which extends circularly around the body in some nematodes.
Tendency in many organism of grouping of major nervous tissue at the the anterior part of the body to form head.
The sensory structure located near the mouth.
measurement of the dimensions of head
part of the nervous system situated in the cranium
Structure formed by the fusion of head and thorax in arachnids and malacostracan crustaceans.
Crushing head of fetus in womb by means of operation or otherwise.
CE quality is short for Consumer Electronics quality, it refers to the sound and visual quality of consumer electronics devices.
Who makes clay pottery.
Variety of food grains.
Variety of food grains.
Plant pest of graminaceous plants.
An expert in food grains.
An unstable, irregular gait often seen in patients with cerebellar diseases
The trilobed structure of brain involved in coordination of voluntary muscle movements and balance.
One of the two symmetrical halves of the cerebrum
a clear fluid present in the ventricles and subarachnoid cavities of the brain and spinal cord
parts derived from the telencephalon which include mainly the cerebral hemispheres
A conventional formal function.
A formal parade.
A function where rituals are observed.
An official written statement on certain facts.
an official document affirming that one has fullfiled the requirements and may practice in a field
The Certificate Authority denotes such an authority which issues digital certificates (digital IDs) and makes its public key widely available.
The certificate authority software is such a software which is used by a certification authority (CA) to issue digital certificates.
Certification of attending a job.
Certification issued by Auditor.
An official letter which gives authority to someone to do something.
A certification made in respect of balance in a account.
Certification of character of a person.
Certification of being Competent.
Certification of completion of work.
A certificate indicating reputation for financial integrity.
An authentic estimation of losses given by an authorised person.
An official certification in connection with debts / loans etc.
Certification of deductions made from a payment giving their particulars.
A receipt of funds deposited in a bank for a specified period of time at a specified rate of interest.
A certification that a particular item has been destroyed.
Certification of being eligible.
Certification for entry.
Certification of physical soundness.
Certification of physical soundness.
A certification for something owned or possessed (generally with reference to shares / property etc.).
A certificate that determines identity of (some person etc.).
A certificate issued by Registrar of companies after being satisfied that all requirements of the Companies Act. in respect of registration of company have been compiled with.
It is a letter indicating that one party promises to compensate the other party from the loss caused under specified circumstances.
A certification that confirms that the goods stated are covered by an insurance policy.
Certification of shares issued (by a company etc.)
Certification of payment of last pay.
Certification to be absence from work.
A certificate issued for excellence in some area of work.
A certificate giving details of origin of goods.
Certificate issued for posting on duty.
A certificate issued by the registrar of companies that a mortgage on charge given by the borrower that needs registration has been registered.
A certificate regarding the condition of being strong and steady.
Certificates of profit means a certificates of gain or return from an investment or business operation after subtracting for all expenses.
Certificate issued for completion of an assignment.
the act of certifying or affirming
Authentication and validation of certain characteristics.
In cryptography, the Certification Authority denotes such an authority which issues digital certificates (digital IDs) and makes its public key widely available.
A centre established for authorisation.
A confirmation or certification that the planned activity or decision will not happen.
When a cheque issued by a customer of the bank is certified for payment by the bank.
When part of holding in shares is transferred and share are delivered for transfer to company. The company will issue two new share certificates as it has been split being part transfer.
Confirmation that the transfer has been effected.
It is either a cheque issued by a bank or a cheque issued by a customer which has been guaranteed that payment will be made.
A copy that is ascertained.
Seed which meet certain requirements and are authorized by certifying agency to grow good variety of crops.
To confirm as true.
to affirm
A type of writ in courts.
brownish yellow wax - like secretion in the external ear
relating to the cervix or neck
Related to female cervix.
Pertaining or related to neck.
A wing or wing like structure present at the cervical region.
any of the three ganglion of the symphathetic trunk near the base of the skull
any of the three ganglion of the symphathetic trunk near the base of the skull
Sensory organ found in pair in the cervical region.
The anatomic region of neck.
Narrow neck like opening of uterus which opens in vagina.
neck of uterus
A surgical method of birth
A type of tax levied by Government.
To stop or suspend an action.
Giving up of rights particularly property or land etc.
A covered pit used for sewage or drainage
In insects the arrangement of bristles.
Connected series of metal or other material.
A unit of measuring of length.
An instrument to stop train in emergency.
A group of files in which each file contains the location of the next file in sequence in the computer.
Number of marketing outlets under one ownership.
When a number of endorsements are made on the back of negotiable instrument, one after the other.
A person who directs an institution.
A person who presides over a meeting.
A structure inside animal eggs and plant ovulus to suspend or keep the yolk in place.
Prosecution for an offence.
A demanding work.
Reception room.
An enclosed space
An association of business man.
The space behind the iris and in front of the lens of eye
Person who heads (Minister) the Govt. Department dealing with the public revenue, finance and other financial resources (in England)
Person who heads (Minister) the Govt. Department dealing with the public revenue, finance and other financial resources (in England)
the painless ulcer formed in the primary stage of syphillis.
an infectious, painful ulcer formed due to infection by Haemophilus ducreyi
To became different.
Being changed.
an alteration, modification
In Data and Data Management, it is process of capturing changes made at the data source and applying them throughout the enterprise.
In Circuit Switched Services Equipment & Providers, it is a device at a telephone company central office which is often called a public exchange, converts recieved analog signals into digital signals to be carried over higher - speed lines between the ce
Change of course through which something is directed or moved.
The system or method of distributing / delivering something.
A hardware device about the size of an external modem which changes a digital data frame from the communications technology that is used on a local area network (LAN) into a frame appropriate to a wide - area network (WAN) and vice versa.
State of disorder.
Division of a book.
Qualities of a person.
a biochemical or physical trait of an organism
the main nature of a thing or of an individual
A characteristic, property or attribute of something.
In computer sceince, a single alphabetic letter, numeric digit, or special symbol like, a decimal point or comma are called character.
Attacking one 's character.
Certification of character of a person.
Character code is a digital coding system for alphanumeric characters.
A phenomenon where competitor species whose distributions overlap geographically undergoes divergence of adaptations or other characteristics.
a biochemical or physical trait of an organism
Distinguishing quality.
Distinguishing qualities.
A feature, character, attribute of something.
Variety or type of the investment where money is invested.
Kind or nature of security which is being offered.
A register to record character details.
A register to record character details.
a substance formed by burning wood in the absence of air
To make an attack (Like lathi charge)
An accusation.
An accusation.
A financial liability or commitment.
Which are liable to the charged.
The period of time during which expenditure may be taken into account.
Expenses which are recoverable.
An allowance payable for entrusting duty.
Formal assumption of duty / responsibility.
The process of handing over charge to the person on his / her return to duty.
A certificate issued on assumption of charge.
Against whom accusations have been levied.
A person looking after work of an ambassador / executive temporarily.
A person who is looking after work of an executive on permanent basis.
Expenditure which has been charged.
A charge which is not variable.
Variable type of charges.
Person who serves as substitute.
Person who serves as substitute.
An assigned designation for specific job.
An encumbrance created on the properties of the company.
An obligation to meet a debt on the mortgage of land.
To give up the responsibility.
The amount debited to a customer 's account by a bank for services given.
An account held by a customer with a retail organisation where amount charged, payments made etc. details are recorded.
Charges levied on incoming goods.
A list of accusations.
List of charges levied by the bank on different type of services.
An order (generally by a court) charging property of the debtor for the amount of the debt.
Which is benevolent / humanitarian.
Which is benevolent / humanitarian.
Donation given for benevolent purpose.
Endowment created for the needy.
Endowment created for the needy.
Endowment created for the needy.
Money given by the Govt. as help.
A body created to manage property in the interest of others.
A body created to manage property in the interest of others.
Giving money / food etc. to those who are in need.
Giving money / food etc. to those who are in need.
Entertainment programme for the needy.
Notes which are burned black.
burning
to reduce to carbon by heating
Providing information in a table form.
Graphic expression of information.
a record of information related to a patient 's case
To hire a vehicle / aircraft etc.
A document defining rights and privileges.
An accountant authorised by a body to audit accounts.
An aircraft hired on contact.
A bus hired on contract.
A company that has come into existence by grant of a charter by the government.
A ship which has been hired on contract.
Listing demand to be granted by Govt. / some organisation.
Original member of the group.
The act of pursuing the case.
punishment
When mortgage of moveable property other than freehold estate is made.
Rate which is lower as compared to the market.
Money which is available at a low price (rate of interest).
An act of examination.
An examination of correctness.
In computing, a check box is a graphical user interface feature which permits the user to make multiple selections from a number of options.
A certification of examination and correctness.
List of items to be checked for assurance.
Means to ensure against error (measurement).
When some amount is recoverd from salaries directly at the time of disbursement.
A place of inspection to stop unauthorised entry.
A place of inspection to stop unauthorised entry.
A register to keep record of entrants for verification.
examination
routine physical examination and tests
the lateral side of the face
Both side of face below eyes and between nose and ear.
Colonies of invertebrate animals of class Gymnolaemata.
Any member of chelicerata subphylum of arachnide, horseshoe, crabs.
inflammation of lip (s)
Extraction of a metal from blood by help of chelating agent.
a substance formed by a chemical process
pertaining to chemistry
burning of living tissue by a chemical substance
An examination relating to chemical substance.
Fertilizer which is produced through chemical process by mixing certain chemicals.
A substance which does not take part in chemical reaction.
a receptor that detects certain chemical stimuli in the environment
Pharmacist - a seller of medicines.
a specialist in chemistry
a specialist in science of drugs
chemical properties of a substance
a receptor that detects certain chemical stimuli in the environment
A sensory receptor that responds chemical stimuli.
A chemical substance that causes sterility in an organism and prevents reproduction.
The process of conversion of one or more carbon molecules into organic matter using energy produced during chemical reactions.
Phenomenon in which cell or organism moves in reaction to a chemical stimulus.
a type of treatment of a disease by using chemical substances or drugs
Annual plant of genus Chenopodium and is grown as vegetable crop.
A written order to a bank, to pay specified amount from one 's account.
A cheque with date earlier than actual date.
A cheque payable to the holder / bearer.
A book of blank cheque forms designed as per norms.
The process of obtaining money in place of the cheque (it may be inter - bank).
A cheque containing two parallel transverse lines on its face and generally paid into a bank account.
The cheque which is at the moment in circulation as medium of exchange.
The cheque which is at the moment in circulation as medium of exchange.
A cheque with name of a person / entity on the back of it.
When an image of the cheque is created on the computer for transmission.
The process of making an image of the cheque.
A cheque which is damaged or disfigured.
A cheque drawn on a outstation centre.
The cheque which has been passed for payment by the bank after following due procedure.
A cheque bearing a date later than the date of issue.
A register maintained in the bank to record where cheques not paid on account of some deficiency are returned to the customer.
It is a method which involve non delivery of cheque to the paying banker and transmitting details of debit / credit via the computer terminals to the banker on whom cheque is drawn for curtailing time in collection process.
Fruit of plant of genus Prunus that contains a single seed.
Storage of valuables.
breast
the part of the body between the neck and the abdomen including the internal organs
RBI has appointed banks to act as its agent for supply of currency through the currency chest set up in selected bank branches. Banks can deposit and draw cash from these chests depending upon their needs.
Facility to keep valuables.
Money which is kept / stored in currency chest on behalf of RBI.
Genus of family Fagaceae of deciduous trees and shrubs.
Money kept in the chest which has been verified.
The point where homologous chromosomes exchange genetic material during cross over during meiosis.
The point where two chromatids are held together by chromosome during cross over.
the young one of any bird
a highly contagious disease caused by varicella - zoster virus, which is marked by eruption of papules.
Highest in authority.
A person with highest rank.
A son or daughter.
a newly born human being
a human being between birth and puberty
a person between infancy and youth
When children under 14 are made to do work that is physically or mentally harmful and which interrupts their education.
Importing knowledge and developing skills of children.
taking care of young human being
a centre taking care of newly born human being
an inflammation of toes, feet and fingers due to moist cold
A cooling system which is used in a data center to remove heat from one element and deposit it into another element.
Cartilaginous fish in order Chimaeriformes which has a close resemblance with shark.
Household tableware made of fine ceramic (clay).
A small piece of semiconductor material carrying many integrated circuits. Also called "Microcircuit", "Integrated Circuit (IC)" or "Microchip".
expert, special doctor of foot disease
Short specific sequence of DNA on the genome of bacteria where recombination and crossing over likely to occur.
Structure formed between two dimeric circle of DNA during the process of recombination.
A chit fund involves collection of periodic subscriptions from enrolled members, which is then disbursed as a loan to a member / members.
Polymer of N - acetylglucosamine found in exoskeleton of arthropods, cell wall of certain fungi.
Genus of Chlamydomonadaceae family, unicellular flagellated, plant like algae which has chloroplast to perceive light.
Spore of several kinds of fungi and algae which survives in unfavourable condition.
Spore of several kinds of fungi and algae which survives in unfavourable condition.
Parenchyma cells that contains chloroplasts.
All chemical compound composed of carbon, chlorine and hydrogen.
water is purified by chlorine
The green coloring pigment present in the leaves
Class of green algae having flagella which share many similarities with higher plants.
Green pigment which take part in photosynthesis and are found in algae, plants and cynobacteria.
Most common pigment which take part in photosynthesis and absorb light of wavelength of about 400 - 450 nm and 650 - 700nm with a characteristics of blue green alcohol solution.
Green pigment which take part in photosynthesis and absorb light of wavelength of about 450 - 500nm and 600 - 650nm.
Colorless oily toxic liquid of structural formula Cl3CNO2 used as a fumigant and nematocide in high - value crops.
Organelle that take part in photosynthesis found in plant cells and other eukaryotic organisms.
Condition in which leaves are of yellow color because of presence of insufficient chlorophyll.
Yellowing of plant leaves tissue due to reduced chlorophyll caused by nutrient deficiency.
Species of genus Chloroxylon with golden color wood.
obstruction in disc present in optic and vertebral column
a medicine that promotes the flow of bile
Inflammation of a bile duct
inflammation of gall bladder wall
x ray film of gall bladder after administration of opaque dye
the formation of bile stones in gall bladder or in bile duct
An acute infection of intestine by bacteria, vibrio cholerae
an acute loose motion with pain in abdomen
a lipid substance formed by liver
Family of enzymes that catalyse the hydrolysis of acetylcholine to choline and acetate and are essential for the proper functioning of the nervous systems.
Family of enzymes that catalyse the hydrolysis of acetylcholine to choline and acetate and are essential for the proper functioning of the nervous systems.
Drugs that inhibit cholinesterase enzyme to hydrolyse acetylcholine.
An organelle in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells which contains enzymes to produce ATP.
a group fibers of tissue like a filament
Bundles of sensillae found in insects and other arthropods to detect alteration in the tension.
an involuntary dancing movement of arms, legs, face with incoordination
the outer covering of the foetus in uterus
The outer membrane of the embryo which form placenta and is found in reptiles, birds, and mammals.
it is the layer of the eye between sclera and retina
Piece of music sung by a group.
cells stained with chromium salts
coloring of cells
Either of the two identical strand into which chromosome is divided during cell division and are joined at centromere.
In eukaryotic cells complex of DNA, RNA and protein from which chromosomes is made of.
Coiled filament of chromatin found in nucleoplasm.
Animal cells that contains pigment.
A nuclear body which is densly stained and are associated with chromatin.
Beads of an eukaryotic chromosome form due to coiling of DNA around protein.
cells avoiding staining
An organelle that contains pigments other than chlorophyll.
Abnormalities in the number, structure, distribution or arrangement of chromosomes due to which genetic disorder occurs.
a thread like linear strand of DNA
DNA along with associated protein responsible for transmission of hereditary information.
Set of chromosomes in somatic cells of species.
Lists the sequence of genes on a given chromosome.
Theory that states chromosomes are the carrier of genetic material and genes are located at the specific site of the chromosomes.
color changing nature
of long duration (disease).
of long duration (disease).
lasting a long time
a person who transmits infection for indefinite time
Property of a substance to cause to harm or toxic effect to an organism over a prolonged period of exposure.
Arranged according to time of occurance.
According to chronology.
Arranged according to dates and sequences of events.
A brief account according to chronology.
A list of chronological events.
A plant of family Euphorbiaceae which has a great medicinal use.
A herbal plant of family Asteraceae with a head of small, single, yellow daisies.
milk like fluid
microscopic particles formed by emulsified fat during digestion of food
a passing of chyle in urine
CIA is abbreviation for Confidentiality Integrity Authentication, The terms are very important with regards to information security.
Food pouch at anterior part of the mouth cavity in insects for chewing food.
An insect of the order Hemiptera with transparent wings and wide eyes.
a scar left after wound
A plant of family Fabaceae also known as chickpea and are edible legumes.
A perinneal herb of family Asteraceae with blue or white flowers.
CIF is an abbreviation for Common Intermediate Format, it is a standard video format which is used for videoconferencing.
a minute short hair like process on tissue or motile organism
hair like processes on anatomical cells
A type of rhythmic sweeping cellular movement due to cilia present on epithelial cell.
A sensory organelle in eukaryotic cells which is a hairlike projection to sweep away fluids and particles.
a dried inner bark of tree
A system of secret writing.
A symbol (0)
An internal approximate 24 hour biological clock that regulates biochemical, physiological or behavioural processes of living entities.
Ring shaped coiling on its axis with the apex in the center.
An area of activity.
a rounded form of any body
A circle graph is a specialized graph used in statistics.
An area fixed for accounting purposes.
A cell in which sacroplasm is surrounded by muscles fibers.
A shelter to rest.
It is a type of network wherein a physical path is obtained for and that is dedicated to a single connection between two end - points in the network for the certain duration.
A letter addressed to a circle (group) of people.
A letter addressed to a circle (group) of people.
rounded shaped structure of tissue
A letter addressed to a circle (group) of people.
Rare occurrence in which chain of populations of one species turns back until their ends overlap.
An indirect or round about route.
An indirect or round about route.
To distribute or spread.
To distribute or spread (as a notice).
An asset that is used during the operation of business.
The current assets of a business concern which include stock, debtors, cash at bank / in hand which circulate constantly.
An asset that will be used or sold during the normal operations of a business concern and then replaced by the similar asset.
A circulatory system of library.
Money which as bank notes or any other form used as a means of exchange.
The movement of currency in a country as medium of exchange.
The movement of currency in a country as medium of exchange.
The act of circulation.
flow of liquid
Such an account that shows details of notes in circulation (kept by RBI).
Virus which are transmitted in a circulative manner.
related to circulation
unable to circulation
A band of cilia which encircles the rim of the corona.
excision of the prepuce of penis
cutting of prepuce or foreskin of penis
Nerve ring in central nervous system or any part of it that is connected to anterior and posterior nerves.
Condition in which Fenestra surrounds the vulva.
Ring which encircle esophagus which contains paired lateral and ventral ganglia and unpaired dorsal ganglion.
a draw line around within limit
Conditions prevailing at a particular time.
Evidence depending upon circumstances.
a relevant witness
chronic condition with degeneration of organ
chronic condition of liver with degeneration of liver cell
a cavity which stores fluid
To quote as an example.
A formal statement of achievements (in honour).
Status of a citizen.
blood mixed with anticoagulants like sodium citrate
a group of thorny trees or shrubs having fruit like lemon, orange
A tree of family Rutaceae commonly referred to as bitter orange.
A tree of family Rutaceae producing fruits which resemble grapefruits.
A tree of family Rutaceae having fruit with a greenish, sweetish pulp.
Hybrid of mandarin orange and lemon which has a characteristic of orange peel and is acidic in flavour.
The largest citrus fruit of family Rutaceae which is pale green to yellow in color.
A small tree of family Rutaceae which has large pineapple shape fruits.
A big town.
A type of allowance to employees (according to type of city).
A type of allowance to employees on account of certain cost factors.
a town or city
Concerning a citizen.
Concerning a citizen.
Concerning a citizen. (other than military).
Facilities which make life pleasant.
Aircraft services for common man.
A collection of laws for citizens.
A collection of laws for citizens.
A court that deals with cases relating to rights of citizen.
Protection of citizens (people) against military attack.
public servants other than military / judicial.
Engineers trained in design construction of buildings etc.
A list of public (civil) servants.
A list of public (civil) servants.
A marriage solemnised in court without religious ceremony.
A code describing procedures in civil cases.
something one is entitled to as per law.
All branches of public service other than military / judicial.
Regulations framed for civic services.
A law suit in civil court.
Supply goods meant for meeting civil needs.
Supply goods meant for meeting civil needs.
A designation of a surgeon in public hospital.
A war between factions of the same country.
Construction of civil works like Roads, Bridges, Buildings etc.
Theory in which organism are classified in accordace with most recent phylogenetic branching point.
Photosynthetic stem that resemble leaves.
Diagram which shows evolutionary relationships between organisms..
To demand me 's due.
Demand of something as due.
Person who makes a claim.
Person who makes a claim.
A claim / demand which is being made as entitlement or as a right.
That amount of dividend which has been claimed.
A form used by a branch of a bank to claim an amount due from other branch of the same bank for unpaid cheques / transfer etc.
An amount which is being asked for returning / refund when more than due amount has been paid.
The liability in form of claim form debt.
An account where claim paid transaction are recorded.
Claims as (petitions) filed for getting their due.
Dues which are yet to be paid.
Demand of dues which are disputable.
Claims which are made for payment in return for loss or injury.
Demands to get money back (for many reasons).
Claims which are barred by time.
an instrument used to hold two or more tissue or vessel tightly
a device used to hold the cloths tightly
a thin layer present inbetween tissue
Clarifying things to make them understand.
Paired structure of male shark to transfer sperms.
Division of things (based on some criteria).
Group of students taught together.
In biological taxonomy, a group of organism sharing some common attributes and contains one or more orders.
When a group or class of people initiate some action collectively.
Active opposition between social classes against each other.
Situation of conflict between various social groups / classes.
Banking which mainly serves the interests of a particular or limited class of people in the society.
Long lasting and inexpensive method of controlling pests by natural mechanisms like predation, parasitism etc.
To Segregate transactions according to related subject - matter.
An act of arranging (classifying).
a systemic division of of group
Categorization and grouping in accordance to some common properties or attributes.
A system of signals used for classifying / arranging things in some order.
The act of classifying of one institution with another for the purpose of comparing.
To keep the amount recovered in different categories (according to period, amount etc.)
The process of classifying assets on the chance of loosing in value based on various factors.
Keep the goods in different categories.
Process of classifying desires or wants based on some parameters.
which is secret.
A category under which advertisements are published.
Documents arranged according to subject matter.
Such an stock which has been kept in a special category.
A group of persons receiving pension.
Sorting according to category.
Sorting according to category.
unable to walk
disabled movement due to occlusion in artary
A separate article of the text.
A part of the written law covering a particular subject of the whole law.
an abnormal fear of being in enclosed or narrow space
a horizontal bone attached to sternum and shoulder joint on both side
Sharp, curved appendage present in most mammals, birds, and some reptiles found at the end of a toe or finger.
a slender and curved processes at the end of feet
a slender and curved processes at the end of hand
sticky soil or mud usedfor making bricks
A general acceptance of a bill with no qualifications that asserts that the bill will be paid on maturity.
Loan which has been granted without obtaining any security etc.
A bill of exchange or any other negotiable instrument which has no commercial documents attached.
A book maintained by the bank, which is the final record of cash transaction for the day.
A credit opened by a bank that provides for payments by the bank of bills drawn upon him. Such bills however are without any commercial documents attached with it.
Person engaged to clean (rooms, vehicles etc.)
Such issue of capital which has received good response and fully subscribed without any interference.
Goods or item which have no burden / liability or charge on them and are totally free.
Goods or item which have no burden / liability or charge on them and are totally free.
To make free from from dirt or impurities.
Such type of credit limit which has been sanctioned without obtaining any security / collateral etc.
A loan which is not supported by any collateral.
To bring the account in order.
When an account holder is permitted by a bank to draw more amount than what stands to his credit or sanctioned limit.
A report without blame.
The risk which is visible in clear terms.
A service without blame.
An LIC policy bought to pay up the insurere 's debt after his death.
clean, transparent, hygenic material, fluid or region
Clearing of (cheques).
Certification of no objection where all dues etc. have been paid or requisite formalities have been completed.
When some request for a particular purpose has been accepted / approved and certified so.
Special efforts to clear things.
When cheques drawn on different banks are sorted out and exchanged between the banks and final settlement is made
Releasing of goods.
Process through which permission of goods imported is granted by the concerned authorities to enter the country.
Removal of impediments, if any, in the matter of legal right to ownership.
A register in which clearance entries are recorded.
A full day.
Days which are complete or whole day.
Security which has been cleared from all encumbrances.
Presenting an instrument through banking procedure.
An office of accounts designated for clearing.
Person who helps in clearing of goods / bills etc.
An agreement for the purpose of work relating to clearing of goods etc.
A person who helps in clearing forwarding of goods.
Fees levied on clearing of instruments.
The amount which is required to be paid for undertaking clearing, forwarding and collection operation.
An establishment of bankers where cheques from member banks are exchanged so that only the balances need to be paid.
Service free from blemish.
Clear text does not contain information about text sizes or styles so it is the most efficient way to store text.
Conclusive legal evidence to the right of ownership / possession of land property etc. with no impediments.
vacancy which is distinct.
division of a cell, organ
The process of cell division in the embryo.
a fissure or crack
An opening, fissure or a split of something.
fissure of root of mouth present from birth
Self pollinating flower in certain plants which does not open.
The state of bearing flowers that does not open and self pollinate through anthers.
A form of parasitism in which an organism instead of attacking unparasitised host attacks parasitised host.
Relating to a clerk.
Secretarial work.
Group of employees attending to clerical work.
Group of employees attending to clerical work.
An error in writing.
Persons working as clerks.
A person employed to do office work.
All the people who use the services from someone or buys goods regularly.
In networks context, a networking environment which is made up of clients and servers running applications those are designed for client / server architecture.
a critical time in life
Plants that grow to its full height while taking a support of other plants, rocks etc.
A private nursing home / hospital.
a place where medical advice, treatment is given
a method of diagnosis on the basis of signs and symptoms of the patient
taking detail knowledge of symptoms and signs from patient
a practical room
the study and practice of medicine based on direct observation on patient
an instrument used to measure the temprature of the body
In electronics, it is a nonlinear electronic circuit which is used to limit the instantaneous amplitude of a waveform
A perennial herbaceous plant species of family Fabaceae with blue flowers.
it is a clitoral hood
a errectile organ on the upper part of vagina in female similer to penis
In certain animal species posterior opening at the end of the digestive tract into which the intestinal, reproductive and urinary tracts opens.
In context of e - mail, cloaking refers to masking of the sender 's name and address in an e - mail note or distribution.
A room in which luggage can be deposited.
CLOB is short for Character Large Object, which refers to such a database field which contains a large amount of text i. e. character data.
Incorrectly writing into an area of memory which includes instructions and data those are still being worked on.
Clock battery is the battery in computer which maintains the time, date, hard disk and other configuration settings in the CMOS memory.
In context of computer, the clock cycle is the duration between two adjoining pulses of the oscillator those sets the pace of the computer processor.
The clock rate is the basic rate in cycles per second which is normally measured in hertz.
Clock ratio refers to the ratio of speed between frontside bus (FSB) of the computer and the CPU.
Clock recovery is the process of extracting the timing signals from a digitally modulated carrier wave.
The internal heartbeat of a computer.
Direction in which hands of cloak moves.
All plants that are produced from a single plant by vegetative reproduction or apomixis process.
A group of genetically identical cells or organism created from a cell or an organism by asexual method.
DNA fragment that contains gene of interest and is introduced into a host cell.
The process of making many copies of cell, tissue or organism which are genetically identical.
An account which has ceased to be operative.
Collateral vascular bundles of monocots.
Merchant house which buys and sells bills of exchange and operate in a close circle of limited clientele.
An economy which is not open to the outsiders or does not accept new ways of thinking.
Such funds which are for a fixed term and terminate at the end of the period.
Such type of mortgage for which payment may not be made before maturity.
A scheme of an investment company in which fixed number of shares are issued.
A company, may be private or public which is controlled by a few directors.
Such a port which is not open for all.
In context of computer, a closed system refers to such a system wherein the specifications are kept secret to avoid third parties' intervention.
The trade which is open to select group / members of the trading community.
When a commodity or service is used by a limited clientele or group of users only.
A scheme which will continue for a limited / fixed period.
A company whose controlling interest are with a limited number of persons or a business house.
Which is at the end of the day of business.
End of (business / financial etc.) operation of the year.
When things are being sold at cheap rate.
To keep under dense observation.
A type of allowance paid in banking industry to the staff engaged in work relating to closing of books of accounts.
When someone decides not to have any transaction in the account and close it.
Cash balance at the end of the business day.
Cash balance at the end of the business day.
The date to end.
The entry in an account which may be last in the series of transaction at the close of the day.
The process of preparing final accounts when operations in accounts are not done.
The last date fixed for applying for bonds.
The last traded price of a share / commodity etc. in the market when closed.
Such prices of shares on which shares were traded last immediately before closing of the trading hours.
Stock that represents the value of goods in hand at the close of the trading period or the financial year.
a mass of thickened blood
formation of solid mass of a liquid
a time required blood to clot
Cloud computing is an concept of computing paradigm wherin verious tasks are assigned to a combination of connections, software and services accessed over a network.
When title of property (Legal right of ownership) is not clear / free from impediment.
CLR is an abbreviation for Common Language Runtime, it denotes the execution environment which handles the execution of. NET program code.
When a compact deal for more than one item together is made for sale in which some rebate / discount is offered.
When a compact deal for more than one item together is made for sale in which some rebate / discount is offered.
When a transaction is done by some persons jointly with a common purpose in mind.
An indication that provides a direction to resolve a problem.
A branch which is in close vicinity of the other branch / branches.
A control unit which handles several peripheral devices, like terminals or disk drives.
A file system which is simultaneously accumulated on multiple servers.
It is a multiple - node kernel panic which can take place in a network or other set of interconnected computers i. e. cluster of compters.
CLV is an abbreviation for Constant Linear Velocity, it refers to the rotation of a disk at varying speeds.
A shield like cuticular plate in the anterior portion of the head of certain insects.
Who has been charged for an offence with another person.
A trainer in sport activities.
A comfortable bus.
A railway carriage.
Profession of giving training
a substance that produces blood to clot
a process in which liquid turned into solid mass
A Govt. by alliance between parties.
The stage of development of insects from which pupa is formed.
A development stage of an insects in which pupa is covered by the hard shell larval skin.
rough in texture or large abnormal sound of lung
Plywood of inferior quality.
Roots with secondary thickening which connects fine roots with the plant.
That expresses the meaning 'Joint' - 'Mutual'.
Pertaining to sea shore.
Border of the sand near the sea.
Goods at the border or the sea.
Rent charged for keeping goods at coast.
The trading activities around the sea (coastal) area.
Boats or ships plying on the coast.
A sheat or layer that covers something.
a cover or enclosing layer
The heraldic bearings of a person, family, corporation or state.
The type of goods which ride or hang on main or other commercial goods for sale.
a hooded snake
A card which is issued jointly with other bank / institution in collaboration.
Co - browsing is the process of coordinating browser access to the same sites by more than one users.
a netwok spread by spider
a spherical bacterium
A bacteria which has a shape of a sphere.
Bivalve molluscs of family Cardiidae which has symmetrical heart shape shell.
During gene conversion simultaneous correction on both sides of the double - strand DNA.
A case or shell made by moths, caterpillars and other insect larvae in which pupa is enclosed.
Collection of laws or rules.
Signals used to ensure secrecy.
a system of law or rules
a symbol of communication
A signal or symbol used for secret communication.
A set of principle.
in Computer Programming, it refers to source code or machine code.
A message in code language.
A language that transmits in code signals.
A secret number for identification.
A guide to behaviour of workers in an organisation.
Guidelines for ethical conduct.
Set of rules that people in an organisation are required to follow.
Laws dealing with criminal offences.
Snippet management is a componant of some text editors, program source code editors, IDEs, and related software.
A telegram in codified language.
A word used for secrecy or convenience.
In telecommunication, a code word is an element of a code book.
A plant of family Euphorbiaceae with brightly colored foliage.
An additional document and varying the term of a will or revoking part of it.
Arranging laws in systematic manner.
Codifying the secret information.
To arrange laws or rules in a proper system.
Converting words into code language.
a oil from cod fish liver
a ghee obtained from liver of codfish
Triplet of nucleotide that code for a particular amino acid.
Education for the girls and boys at the same time / place.
a numerical factor in algebra
A multiple or factor that measures the process of capacity to gain speed.
A multiple or factor that measures the contrary adaptability or flexibility.
related to abdominal cavity
a pathological condition of small intestine in which there is lack of absorption of nutrient
Cavity in more complex animals which is formed during embryonic development by splitting of mesoderm.
A free floating immune cell in the coelom of certain animals, especially annelids.
Cells in the muscle layer that make a protoplasmic zone that protrudes into the pseudocoelom.
A loose association of unicellular organisms in a colony with fixed number of cells and are embedded in matrix.
A multinucleate cell found in slime molds and certain fungi and algae.
The presence of multinucleate cell.
The haploid gametangia with multinucleated proroplast and works as gametes.
An organic cofactor required for the enzyme biological activity.
To make someone to do something against their wishes by using force.
To make someone to do something against their wishes by using force.
A person who is assigned the job of carrying out something (wishes in will) jointly with other person.
To stay together and in peace.
Liability which exists or extend with other person (s) at the same time.
a box for dead body
When finance has been provided or arranged by more than one person / bank.
a gaining of knowledge by a sense
Which can be taken note of and dealt with (by authority).
An offence capable of being taken cognizance.
a police officer can arrest offender without warrant
To be kept in mind.
living together with sexual relationship without marriage
One who inherits / property jointly with others.
Agreement among parts.
logical and consistant or integration
union between two parts of organ
A piece of designed metal used as money.
The act of coining.
The fact of coinciding at one time.
An event occuring or happening at a same time by chance.
A counter where coins are exchanged.
Person with special knowledge / study in coins.
The coin authorised by the Govt. for circulation which have limited legal tender in settlement of debt.
Sending coin from one place to another.
An account maintained in respect of coins.
An account which reflects the balance of coins available in stock.
a method to increase sexual erge
a sexual act in animal or human being
during intercourse penis is withrawal from vagina prior to ejaculation of semen
A toxic secondary metabolite extracted from plants of the genus Colchicum and function as mitotic poison by inhibiting microtubule polymerization.
infection of the upper respiratory tract characterized by nasal congestion, clear nasal discharge and sneezing.
a pad of gauze or cloth moistened with cold water and applied to body parts to reduce pain and swelling generally due to soft tissue injury
A storage with cooling arrangement.
Tension without actual fighting.
The order of insects with hardened forewings, holometabolous life cycle and the presence of prothorax.
Plant tissue that forms a tubular sheath enclosing emerging shoot in monocotyledons.
Sheath enclosing grass embryo through which the primary root emerges and act as a protective covering.
sudden acute pain in the abdomen
inflammation of the colon
Act of working together or jointly.
working together for a common goal
A naturally occurring fibrous protein in extracellular matrix and in connective tissue of animals to support and connect body tissue.
extreme physical depression or prostration as a result of injury, nervous disturbance or injury
It is a type of option in share trading where one collar equals one long put and one written call of the underlying stock.
A means to support plants.
a long, curved, horizontal bone placed just above the first rib which runs from the base of the neck to the shoulder on either side
A small collar.
side by side, accompanying
An advance which is not part of the main advance but runs side by side as separate advance.
A vascular bundle in which phloem lies on the periphery and the xylem lies in the center.
circulation maintained for a tissue through intercommuncating blood vessels when the main blood vessel supplying that tissue is obstructed
The credit facility which is over and above the principal part of the loan and granted on production of additional security.
A person who is though entitled to inherit property but not closely related to the family.
When the duties of various parties in cases of lending and borrowing are made secure by obtaining additional support.
Such lending 's on which collateral security has been obtained.
Security which runs side by side with principal security.
A legal document containing terms etc. that establishes duties, obligations and rights of various parties of an issue of debentures.
Collation is the accumulation of written information into a standard order.
A fellow worker.
assembling, gathering together
One who collects money for others.
The banker who collects for his customer 's account the proceeds of bills, cheques etc. which have been deposited in the bank for that purpose.
A sum of money collected.
A book where record of collection is kept.
Charges levied on collection.
The act of recovery of amount due.
The process of collecting secret information.
When collection takes effect on realisation from the party.
A flat utensil to collect something.
Involving number of persons for some work.
When an agreement is negotiated by involving all members of the group.
Such agricultural operations which are undertaken by pooling resources of a group of farmers.
Goods which have collective ownership.
Responsibility of the group involved.
Money put aside for future use by group of people in various instruments (for investment).
Money put aside for future use by group of people in various instruments (for investment).
Such type of economy where individual possession of wealth is not encouraged instead collective possession of wealth is preferred.
The head of administration in the district.
The office of collector.
The office of collector.
An Institution of higher education.
The largest lineage of hexapods with the characteristics of collophore which are found on first abdominal segment.
Plant tissue made of thick elongated cells found between the epidermis and the cortex of young stems and provide structural support to leaves and stems.
In female insect, the paired reproductive organ which secrets structural protein of the egg case.
The amount of coal production from coal miners.
A coal mine from where coal is collected by digging up.
In networking, a category of methods for sharing a data transmission medium therein hosts transmit as soon as they have data to send and then check to see whether their transmission has suffered a collision with another host 's.
a mixture containing very fine particles dispersed uniformly, generally in a liquid medium
related to or having the properties of colloid
A secret agreement for some fraudulent purpose.
part of large intestine
The act of making colony where one or more species found in an area.
A group of cell or organism cultered from a single cell.
A type of deformity where color cannot be differentiated.
The Color Rendering Capacity is the measurement of colors which concerns the effectiveness of color rendering.
surgical formation of an opening from the colon to the surface of abdomen for elimination of feces.
thin, milky fluid secreted by breasts just after delivery which is rich in antibodies and nutrients.
to give colour to
Characteristic appearance of things due to the form of light reflected or emmited from their surface.
inherited inability to distinguish between different colours
a genetic condition in which a person cannot differentiate between different colours
average amount of hemoglobin per red blood cell relative to normal
a figure representing hemoglobin content in the individual red blood cell
ability of an organism to see and distinguish between different colours.
Any column like anatomical structure in plants and animals.
A vertical division of a page (row).
an antomic part of the body resembling a pillar
A structure present in orchids comprising of style and stamens.
resembling a column or pillar
A system of keeping books which is divided into different sections / column / parts etc. for grouping purposes of entries.
A person who writes a regular feature in a news paper.
A reproductive part comprising the uterus in which the ovum implants.
a state of total unconsciousness from which a person cannot be awakened, generally due to injury, toxins or disease
a state of total lack of consciousness in which a person does not respond even to a painful stimuli
person in state of coma
The alliance that work for restraining of trade.
The rates which are decided by an alliance of people or parties.
Sales which are organised by an alliance of people or institutions.
Estimates which are presented unitedly by an alliance.
United account of finance Revenue.
Accounts which present a united account of finance and revenue.
Office that has been united.
An operation (action) of searching Therapy.
Is a mass of wax cells constructed by bees inside their nests to accommodate honey and larvae.
capable of catching fire and burning
When it comes into one 's pocket i. e. one is benefitted by reduction in price.
When something goes out of one 's pocket i. e. one is loosing money due to price rise.
When articles are sold through open auction.
The position when one is easily able to meet debt / liability as and when they arise.
When supply of something is adequate and easily available.
The comfort noise generation is a process of generating background noise to fill periods of silence during the course of conversation in voice communications.
A polite behaviour.
An area which is assigned for implementing something.
A signal or word use of which will make obey the order (by a computer etc.).
Economy which is largely managed by orders or directions from above.
Lecture in honour of memory of.
A stamp issued to commemorate.
Coin which is released in memory of some event or in honour of some distinguished person.
A beginning.
The occasion of starting the business - when business is commenced.
Beginning of service (employment).
Which is worthy of praise.
An act of commendation.
Is interaction of different species in which one of the two benefits and the other neither looses or gains anything.
which is same with reference to duration size or type etc.
which is same with reference to duration size or type etc.
which is same with reference to duration size or type etc.
A critical observation (opinion)
Financial transactions, specially sale / purchase of merchandise.
Commerce denotes engaging in sale and purchase of commodity while industry denotes engaging in production process.
Accounts which are maintained for trade transactions.
Related to commerce.
Person who acts for others in commercial activities.
Which can be used for earning profit.
Such an area used for running commercial activities.
A bank registered under Banking Companies Act (BR Act.) etc. and engaged in commercial and corporate banking.
A commercial interruption in between.
Place where commercial activities of the country are concentrated.
Wealth or property that is invested to produce more wealth.
A commercial banking containing many parts.
A commercial body acting as one legal entity.
Correspondence relating to commerce and trade.
Loans received for commercial purposes.
A time of acute difficulty / shortage in commercial sector - when activities slow down.
The stage in commercial activities where expenditure is more than the income.
The process of developing commerce.
Such an employment which generates income.
An undertaking for commercial purposes (with risk)
Unethical utilisation of commercial resources for selfish purposes.
Position where a resource is utilised to the fullest advantage.
An act of imitating something on commercial level.
Collecting secret information on commercial activities.
A list of commercial goods dispatched with particulars of quantity and price.
To exploit for the purpose of gaining or making undue profit.
Such a pattern of agriculture which is being managed on commercial considerations.
An act of commercialisation (Profit orientation).
A nation with dominant commercial at activity.
A short term unsecured promissory note issued by a blue chip company.
A particular manner of speaking in commercial dealings.
Producing / selling in large quantity which can give more profit.
Income derived from commercial activities.
A type of tax.
Conditions which apply in commercial dealings.
Transactions of commercial nature.
A part of an organisation looking after commercial activities.
Sphere of commercial activities.
broken into several small parts, generally used for bone fracture
a fracture in which bone is crushed into several small fragments
Remuneration of an agent for doing a particular job.
Remuneration of an agent for doing a particular job.
A body of persons entrusted with specific functions.
The authority appointed to perform a task or duties assigned.
A group formed to check on some matter.
A person who works for others on some remuneration basis.
A person who works for others on some remuneration basis.
An officer (In Army) entrusted with duties of medical officer.
A designation of senior post in Income Tax Department.
To use (Resources)
A body of commission appointed to conduct enquiry on a particular matter.
The amount of fee paid to the agent for his services.
A commission appointed for a temporary period.
A person sells goods of others on commission basis.
angle of eye or lips
A place where two different parts are fused together.
To do or to perform.
To pledge.
Who has pledged to support a cause.
A pledge given.
The amount that is required to be paid for commitment made / undertaking.
The amount that is required to be paid for commitment made / undertaking.
Amount for which both the parties have agreed in principle.
An expenditure which has been promised firmly.
The type of credit which will be provided when confirmed.
A body of persons elected or appointed.
Committee for privileges means a committee which hears complaints of prima facie breach of privilege, takes evidence and reports its recommendations.
toilet
An article of trade.
An article of trade.
A financial contract that derives its value from another commodity or an index of commodity values.
A market which regulates transactions relating to commodities.
A market which regulates transactions relating to commodities.
A market which regulates transactions relating to commodities.
A commodity that is in great demand - can fetch a good profit.
A loan extended for or against a commodity (an article for trade).
Money stored in the commodity which can be converted into cash easily.
Commodities used for production.
Cost at which commodity is available.
The amount of commodity that is being produced.
Rate of interest that is decided in term of value of the commodity.
A type of tax levies on trading of commodities.
Pertaining to whole community.
infection of upper airway which has signs like nasal stuffiness, watery nasal discharge and sneezing
common infection of the nasal mucous membrane resulting in malaise, nasal congestion, runny nose
It is a standard way for a Web server to agree with a Web user 's request to an application program and to receive data back to forward to the user.
The European Economic Community (the European Union) where multiple participants are there.
A term used by the general public or cummunity.
Partner who is common in two or more concerns.
A room that is meant for common use.
A general list of names.
The seal of a company depicting the name etc. of the company and used for general purposes.
A general list of imported and exported goods on which duty is payable.
Pertaining to a religious community.
Pertaining to a religious community.
Peaceful and happy relationship amongst different communities.
A list of names according to community.
having an ability of being transmitted or communicated
To give by way of information.
To get in touch and exchange thoughts.
to transmit from me person to another.
Act of communication.
A place which is centre of activity in the matter of communication.
Data is transferred between the host computer and the communication processor using a high - speed parallel interface.
An official communication.
A group of people having common cultured or religious beliefs.
a group of people from same region or with same diseases or having some charactristics in common
Population of individual Organisms living in same region and have interraction with each other.
A place for social gathering.
A development project aimed for benefit of society.
A large room for social gathering.
a public health field related to study and betterment of health of people from a certain region or community
The state of disinterestedness of the community towards something that is reflected by the bending line.
The state of disinterestness of the community towards something that is reflected by the bending line.
Rendering service to the society.
a volunteer who works for the betterment of services provided to a community, especially health services.
Change of a thing for another.
To substitute one for another.
To make punishment less or less severe.
Less severe fee (concessional).
A payment of one time instead of an equal payment annually for the pension.
Reduction in the amount of duty levied.
Conversion of part periodic pension amount to one lamp sum.
The theory of give as much as one takes made applicable to rights.
Rules under which commutation of pension is done.
A multification table used of commutation.
The amount of bonus which has been commuted and paid in one lumpsum.
Leave which has been commuted.
Leave which has been commuted.
Pension which has been commuted.
Value of commuted portion.
One who commutes to and from work daily.
An agreement between two or more parties.
A small but neatly packed item or closely knit.
An area which is well knit or well connected with each other.
The companies which are controlled by the same group of management.
Group of cells which facilitate movement of organic nutrients.
A firm of business organisation.
A type of account for company.
A special type of company incorporated under Act of Parliament.
Companies with joint stock (Capital)
A company with limited liability.
The state of being owner of the company.
The original company which floats other companies as their atsprings.
A company which has private ownership; with at least two members and cannot invite public at large to subscribe its capital.
A company registered as public company can invite general public to subscribe its capital.
A company that takes responsibility for the fulfillment of other 's obligation in the event of default.
Company that holds controlling interests in other company.
A company with unlimited liability.
The price that can be compared with other similar.
The advantage which is relative or estimated by comparison.
The financial position that stands on two comparable dates showing similarities and differences.
The rates on which some articles were being sold during different period Or Rates of similar products from two suppliers.
A statement that compares one thing with another.
Person who compares.
An act of comparison.
act of comparing two or more things
Appropriate equipments fitted to a railway coach.
Which adjusts the compass.
Which adjusts the compass.
Feeling of sharing the suffering of others.
Allowance bared on compassion.
A fund created to help people bared on compassion.
Amount granted as sympathy for services rendered.
Bared on compassion.
Able to exist harmoniously.
Ability of interracting with each other easily.
To make someone to do it (by force).
Rate which has been forced to be quoted.
A short summary (some written work).
To make good the loss.
Something given to compensate.
to make up for some deficiency in the body or some loss of body function
Compensation to local bodies and its assessment.
A legal contract to pay a sum of money as compensation for something (loss / damage / acquisition etc.).
Pecuniary punishment for compensation.
Compensation paid for acquisition of land.
A reward amount paid to compensate the services rendered.
Compensation pension is granted to Govt. servant who is discharged from Govt. service on abolition of his permanent post.
Which are in the nature of compensating to reduce the harmful effect.
Under double standard a change in the demand of one of the two metals would be produced that would tend to counteract the effects of fall in value in the value of other metal.
Under double standard a change in the demand of one of the two metals would be produced that would tend to counteract the effects of fall in value in the value of other metal.
A type of compensatory allowance.
When borrowing is arranged by the Government from the market to meet the gap of excess spending.
Leave granted in lieu of working on holidays.
A system of following the unrestricted currency of two metals (gold and silver) at a fixed ratio to each other as coined money which will have compensatory effect.
When tax is levied to the extent of paying for the facilities created / provided by the state.
One who introduces various characters on stage.
The quality of being capable.
Person who is fully qualified.
An authority who is fully qualified for the given assignment.
A fully qualified authority delegated with financial powers.
Members of a certan region competing with each other for survival, resources etc.
related to competition
A process of bidding that involves competition with rivals.
Demand generated by competition for goods sufficiently low in price.
State of enjoying an advantage in competition.
Examination where candidates competing with one - self.
A market where one has to face tough competitions.
The force exerted on account of competition.
Sufficiently low in price.
As a result of competition the rates tend to react on lower side.
A plan of action to succeed in the competitive environment.
A plan of action to succeed in the competitive environment.
To peep into the activities of the competitor, and analyse for adoption of suitable strategy.
Collecting and keeping (material) in a volume.
Collection from various sources in a book form
A collection of accounts.
A collection of rules relating to Treasury operations.
A sheet prepared in the process of compiling.
A set of accounts which have been complied.
One who compiles.
An officer looking after the work of compiling.
Someone who makes a formal complaint.
A formal protest in which something wrong has been pointed out.
sign or symptoms of a disease that the patient is suffering from
A book maintained in office requesting clients to enter their complaints or suggestions in this book.
A book in which complaints are recorded.
The process of initiating action on complaints received.
To make complete (both together).
a group of proteins in normal blood which is requried for the destruction of pathogens such as bacteria
That forms a complement.
Something which although is not an essential component but actively contributes to the process.
Goods / things which makes an article complete alongwith the other when put together.
Resistance where organism has resistance to one type of pathogen but gets effected by another.
Perfect with all necessary parts.
concluded
a fracture in which bone fragments separate completely
Modification in the structure of plant organ during its development phase.
Ability of plants to resist from getting infected with diseases.
Certification regarding in state of being complete.
A report containing state of completion of the work.
a group of sign and symptoms that togetherly indicate a disease or some abnormality
Group of structures considered to be having anatomically, embryologically related.
colour or general appearance of the skin, especially of face
A complex number can be represented graphically.
To act in accordance with desire.
Acting in accordance with rules.
following doctor 's advice regarding drug regimen, diet etc.
A report to the effort that the work has been done as desired or as per conditions.
Which cannot be understood easily.
event or disease occuring during the course of an illness making it more difficult to treat
An expression of admiration.
To express pleasure for other 's success.
Giving something free expressing respect.
A copy given in expression of respect.
Pass issued for expressing respect.
To turn a willing ear.
To adhere to (The act of obeying)
a constituent or an ingredient
a substance forming a part of a whole thing
In context of display, a composite is a type of display.
A basket of loan products made available to the borrower i. e. short - term, long - term, cash credit etc.
When various type of currencies are all allocated in foreign exchange.
Composite black is the creation of black from cyan, magenta and yellow inks.
Social beliefs made up of many parts.
Demand which is made up of many parts or material.
A Fruit developing from inflorescence.
Composite Key denotes such a key which consists of 2 or more attributes.
A mill producing variety of products.
A composite pattern is a software structural design pattern which is used for computer programming.
A projects which consists of many parts.
A rate which is fixed by inclusion of other relevant factors.
A rent which is charged by amalgamating all relevant factors.
Supply that consists of various type of material.
A loan for a specified period which is distributed in different parts.
A unit which consists of various segments.
A literary work composed.
Made up of many ingredients.
Make - up or constitution.
Compounding of (loan).
constitution or makeup of chemical compound
What constitutes the fees - details.
Mutual settlement with creditors.
The different segments of which deposits are composed of 'say' savings, fixed etc. deposits.
The type of trading activities which are being undertaken.
The adjustment of a debt as agreed between the debtor and the creditor.
Dealing made for making profit due to rates differing between one centre and another by switching operations from one place to another.
Tax which is made up of several components.
Levy arising out of mutual settlement.
any person who is preparing, mixing, labelling or packaging the drugs as per physician 's prescription.
a fracture associated with an open wound through which broken bones communicates with outside
Mutual compromise with creditors.
A practice of levying interest where interest earned on the principal amount, plus interest earned on the earlier interest is levied.
A system of calculating depreciation is calculated by multiplying asset value by IRR and so on.
A leaf having more then one leaflet attached to it.
A rate calculated after adding the earnings to arrive at a percentage.
Tariff (Tax) which is combination of many components.
understanding the meaning of something
That includes all aspects.
Which nearly covers all aspects.
A proposal for insurance which covers almost all risks perceived.
a pad of gauze or cloth applied for local pressure to control bleeding or to provide head or cold to the affected area
To increase the density of something.
a tight bandage used to apply pressure.
Settlement of dispute by mutual concessions.
Benefits which are derived by agreeing mutually for a settlement.
An account which has been settled through the process of compromise.
A written application soliciting some favour in settling a matter.
A plan presented for consideration for negotiating a compromise.
Tariff which has been arrived at after mutual consultation / agreement.
Tariff which has been arrived at after mutual consultation / agreement.
Who run a comptometer (an early type of calculating machine).
an uncontrollable desire to do an irrational act
Compelling for acceptance (with no choice).
The process of arbitration that has to be followed compulsorily as per law.
When it is imperative to obtain loan.
As per RBI Act Scheduled banks are required to maintain with RBI some minimum cash reserve which has some relationship with their demand and time liabilities.
As per RBI Act Scheduled banks are required to maintain with RBI some minimum cash reserve which has some relationship with their demand and time liabilities.
When something is required to be deducted from the amount being paid.
A special deposit scheme which was compulsory for Government servants.
The amount of wage (salary) which is required to be paid to an employee while retrenching him from the job.
Termination of operations of a body constituted by operation of law / rule as a compulsion.
Matter which is required to be enquired carefully.
A situation where an organisation is formally wound up (closed down) through a legal process.
When without assigning any reason or as penalty retired from service (under some rule).
When there is no other option than to close operations.
Formal process of calculating the date of a bill as per prevailing practice.
Calculating of demands in quantity.
Process of calculating funds which are owned or possessed by the organisation / self.
A test tool in the ABAP Workbench package which is a part of SAP 's popular R / 3 system.
In context of computer engineering, computer architecture is computer system 's conceptual design and fundamental operational structure.
The computer automatic virtual environment is such a virtual reality system which makes use of projectors to display images on three or four walls and the floor.
A place where computer related activities are conducted.
Computercruiter is such a recruiter that has specialization in placing computer professionals.
Computer Emergency Response Team is such a team of people in an organization who coordinate their response to breaches of security or other computer emergencies, like breakdowns and disasters.
A computer engineer is the electrical engineer who has taken additional training in the areas of software design and hardware - software integration.
The application of computer investigation and analysis techniques to compile evidence which are fit for presentation in a court of law.
When computer is treated like a friend.
A computer game refers to personal computer game, it is such a video game which is played on a personal computer.
A computer graphics metafile is the standard file format for storage and communication of graphical information, it is used on personal computers and admitted by desktop publishing and illustration systems.
To install computers to perform various office related work.
computer monitoring is a process to recording a user 's activity on the computer by making use of a program which ment for this purpose.
Computer Monitoring Software used in verify network connectivity to devices and application services.
Computer Museum History Center is such a center which has a largest collection of computer artifacts in the world, these computer artifacts include more than 4, 000 hardware components and 10, 000 images made up of films, videos and historical photos.
A system which is used to archiving data such as business records and reports to one or more optical disks in a compressed format that could be retrieved easily.
A keyboard and mouse are input computer peripherals.
Computer power is the effective performance of a computer which is normally expressed in millions of instructions per second, clock speed (10 Mhz, 16 Mhz) and in word or bus size.
Computer programme is a sequence of instructions that a computer can interpret and execute.
Computer Recycling Center is a non - profit organization which provides old computer equipment to schools and other non - profit organizations.
A machine for storing, analyzing information and making calculation.
hidden or which can not be seen or found
Not disclosing income.
Not to disclose the possibility of incurring loss.
Areas which are intensive tobacco growing areas.
To focus one 's attention.
focussing mental attention to a single thing
Amount of molecules of certain substance in a particular solution.
Such a situation when banking operations are concentrated at one particular place.
When large amount of capital is at the command of few people / bodies.
having a common center
A part of the plant system responsible for transportation of fluid, resembling multiple ring like structure having a common center.
A general idea (process of thinking).
an idea or thought
fertilization of female ovum by male sperm which forms embryo
A process of thinking for income.
Ability to do things well relating t concept.
Some that causes worry.
Reduction in price.
Someone who is getting concession.
Fees on which concession has been granted.
Reduced price.
Assessment of tax hand on concession.
anatomic structure resembling a shell in shape
Making efforts to overcome anger and bring calm.
A committee or group of officials appointed for the purpose of conciliating.
An officer who has been assigned the task of conciliating.
Comments made at the time of conclusion.
To come to an end.
A determinative, decisive action.
A determinative, decisive action.
The basis or standard that has been formulated for deciding finality of the indemnity.
occuring at the same time
Amount of interest which is occurring together (with principal).
Capital which is existing in reality.
union of discrete particles to form a solid mass
To have the same opinion.
Mutual understanding.
Type of audit happening at the same time.
List of names existing together.
Review happening at the same time.
injury to soft tissue, such as brain, due to hard blow or impact
To declare unfit.
To sentence or convict.
To denounce.
The stock which is not fit for use.
something which is made more dense or compact
anything that is used to increase the flavour of food
Something required in existence.
State of physical fitness.
state of health
Which is linked to condition.
A conditional acceptance of a bill means qualified acceptance and payment by the acceptor depend on fulfilment of the condition stated therein.
An endorsement where the endorser has attached a condition to his endorsement.
Freedom from rule linked to condition.
The state of being of service.
Conditions incorporated in contract.
Conditions incorporated in a contract.
Conditions of being suitable.
An expression of sorrow.
An act of condoning loss.
The act of forgiving.
The way once acts.
Behaviour and submission to the rule or authority.
Transmission of excitatory or inhibitory impulses through a tissue, especially a nerve
the route followed by nerve impulses or different energy forms like heat or sound
Which is capable of conducting.
A person who conducts (a programme).
A person who is in charge of a bus or train.
Rules governing conduct.
artificially made channel or passage through which something flows
rounded projection at the end of bone, usually meant for anchoring ligaments or articulation with adjacent bone
photoreceptor cell in the retina of eye responsible for colour vision
Organ present on plants that have the structure for reproduction. eg. Conifers.
a medicinal drug sweetened with sugar or honey so that it can be made palatable
Work of sweet preparation.
To grant or bestow in honour.
A meeting for exchanging ideas.
meeting of two or more people for discussion over a topic
Hall where meetings / conferences are held.
Rules to be followed in conference for smooth conduct.
A room where conference (small) is held.
Granted in honour.
Powers which have been granted or delegated.
Admission of one 's fault (sin).
disclosure or acknowledgement of sins before someone
a written or oral statement of admitting guilt made by the person accused
Belief in own ability.
To be kept secret.
A report that is to be kept secret.
specific arrangment of atoms or molecules in a chemical compound
The arrangement of atoms in a chemical substance.
Keeping within certain limits.
The time between beginning of labour to childbirth
Within the availability of a particular currency.
To verify or ratify.
The act of confirming.
The balance in the account which is confirmed / ratified by the account holder.
To establish firmly on the post.
An order through which one is confirmed (in a post).
In confirmation of.
An order that confirms something.
An act of examining for confirmation of something.
When an issuing bank authorises another bank to confirm its irrevocable credit and the bank has added its confirmation.
An endorsement which has been confirmed by the bank / financial institution.
A letter of credit which has been confirmed and cannot be changed unilaterally.
The party which has confirmed the instrument for financial liability.
To seize private property under some authority.
Seizure by an authority.
The action of taking into custody forcibly (property).
A clash between (two / groups).
clash due difference of opinions between persons
Conflict graph is used in a database.
Views which are conflicting of each other.
running or meeting together of different streams
In agreement with the rules.
lack of clear judgement, indistinctness
A plant belonging to a similar species or family as other.
a condition present right from the birth, especially referring to abnormal condition
having an excessive accumulation of something such as blood or mucus
excessive accmulation of blood of mucus
to come together or gather into a mass
Formation of a group or corporation formed by merging separate and diverse firms.
the act or state of accumulation to form a mass
A branch of a vegetale portion of fungus having spores.
Fungal spore grown on conidiophore which is produced asexually.
A group of seed - bearing plants which bear cones.
united or joined together for a common goal
A part of the plant system responsible for transportation of fluid, which are joined together.
joined together or coupled
to combine two or more things together
combination or joining
It is the movement of genetic material between bacteria.
transparent mucous membrane that covers the inner surface of the eyelids and forepart of the eyeball
To connect with other.
Having a common connection.
doing the act of connecting
A tissue which fuses cells of anther together.
Passive consent for same wrong.
Passive consent for same wrong.
blood relationship
having blood relationship
An inner sense that suggest what is right or wrong.
state of being aware or sensitive
The practice of law that forces people to join armed forces.
That follows without interruption.
denoting reflex action of one body part when another body part is stimulated
A general agreement.
A concurance by permission.
An audit hand on consent.
Basis criteria for consent.
A thing that follows as result of action.
Which follows as a result.
Damage which is a result from something preceding.
Losses as a result (of an event).
Vacancies arising as a result of someone retiring or leaving the job.
Happening as a result of a particular event.
Cleaning of filth.
preservation of natural resources by some organization
Charges incurred on filth cleaning.
A group of officials engaged (in cleaning of filth).
The act of saving from injury (environment).
preservation or protection of part of body or its function from loss or injury
Proper management of environment and the living organism living in it.
protective or preservative way of treatment that is avoiding risk of harm to body
Such policy or rules which provide practical guidance but opposed to a sudden change.
Limit (of spending) which is moderate and fixed cautiously.
Careful thought.
When things are in the process of consideration.
Transferring payment to the account of the person as assigned.
To place in someone 's care.
Person to whom goods have been sent.
One who consigns goods to another.
Something that has been sent.
When goods are handed over delivered to a person on trust.
Goods (consignment) which are to be received.
Register of accounts in which consignments are recorded.
A note containing details of consignment.
A note containing details of consignment.
Consignment (goods) to be sent outside.
Consignment (goods) which have been received.
Shipment received from overseas.
A type of account that relates to stock of consignment.
A type of account relating to consignment pending final accounting.
One who consigns (good).
Which maintains continuity.
Which is in agreement with a thing (happening).
A control panel.
Bonds which have no definite maturity.
To combine into one whole.
Compact summary.
Capacity confined accounts for the year.
A combined certification of balances.
A fund (Govt.) into which revenue is paid and payments are made as authorised by parliament.
A combined account prepared on monthly basis.
Combined amount of pay.
A rate fixed by combining different components.
A combined written account.
A fund created to meet the shortfall in replacement of an asset after a period of time.
A compactly written financial account.
Shares which have been combined into one (holding).
A receipt issued by treasure for various payments which is combined.
Act of combining compactly.
alteration into a firm, dense mass; especially of lung tissue.
The process of bringing together the fragment pieces of land of one holder at one place through mutual adjustment with others.
Bringing together in one compact block of all scattered plots of land.
Process of combining shares (of companies) into one lot.
The person who is engaged in consolidation work.
accord or harmony
a class of sounds or letters
Grouping of a number of banks in order to fund a large project and share risk.
An account that reflects the position of loans provided through consortium.
Advances which are provided through the consortium.
An agreement between different parties of the consortium detailing the arrangement.
A group of nations working together to help India.
Individual organisms which belong to a same species.
Which is obviously clear.
Place that can be noticed easily.
That attracts attention.
To plan for an illegal act.
with regular occurance
Capital of a business which is retained for continuous use in the business.
The demand (of something) which does not show large variations over a period.
Extra cost of increasing output which does not very much.
The amount at which a thing is valued, bought or sold when remain more or less static.
Yields which are durable and continuously received in proportion to investment.
The amount of wages being received when remain durable and uninterrupted.
The amount of wages being received when remain durable and uninterrupted.
infrequent or delayed passage of hardened stool
Residents of an area represented by an elected representative.
A part of something.
Being one of the parts that makes whole of the liabilities.
To form or make up.
A body of principles according to which a country is governed.
characteristic physical makeup of an individual
becoming narrower or drawing together
External opening of the reproductive system of insects which tightens or constricts.
The act of constructing (building etc.).
Amount paid before construction.
Amount paid before construction.
Part of an organisation looking after construction.
Building of ships.
Effort of something being made.
That serves a useful purpose.
When delivery of goods is made in actual terms by one person to another.
To move towards a decided point.
When something has been received in actual / effective term.
To interpret or to give a meaning.
An invoice that has been approved by a seal or stamp by the consul of the importer 's country that has an office in the exporter' s country.
A person who gives professional advice.
A meeting for exchanging opinion and ideas.
meeting with a doctor seeking his advice or opinion
Which is meant for consumption.
Things which are meant for consumption.
Items which are required in the manufacturing process but does not form part of end - product (like lubricant etc.).
To use up.
To use up.
Who uses services or buys good.
An organism that survives by consuming other organisms.
A person who uses goods or services.
The way the consumer conducts himself as to what and how he wants.
Such large items like Cars, TV, Refrigerator etc. which a consumer does not buy often or regularly.
A forum (court) created under law for redressed of complaints of the consumers.
Goods which are used by individual consumers.
Industries which are engaged in production of consumer goods.
The right which a consumer have as a user of service or purchaser of goods.
The idea that the buying and selling of products is the most useful activity for a society.
Action to protect consumer from unfair price / practices.
Which is directed towards the consumer.
A measurement of charges in the price of consumer goods made up of certain selected components / commodities etc.
Goods which are used by individual consumers.
When an article of consumption is bought at a price lower than expected, effecting some savings.
A large group of consumers who are prepared to buy.
The act of using up anything.
The act of using up anything.
eating or drinking something
Credit from bank 's generally by way of personal loans for consumer goods largely durables.
The state of being in touch (communication).
state of touching or being in close proximity
person who has recently been exposed to an infected person
inflammation of skin layer generally due to contact with an allergen or irritant substance.
a disorder representing inflammation of skin characterized by dryness, swelling or rashes due to contact with an irritant
thin, transparent lens which covers the cornea of the eye, used to correct vision defects.
A poisonous substance entering the body through the skin periphery.
A programme to get in touch.
Which can be spread by touching.
communicable or having the property of being transmitted from the infected person to another
Which can hold within itself.
A type of service used for transporting goods in a large box.
To make impure.
impure or associated with presence of an infectious agent
The act of polluting.
When a client (in share market) that wishes to postpone the settlement from the present one to the next one may do so on payment of fee / interest / consideration.
Deeply thought about.
Living at the same time.
Wildful disobedience of the court.
an act which shows disrespect for the procedures or rules of the court
Person who contend.
What is contained in something.
A point put forward in argument.
An assertion made while arguing.
Point made during the course of argument.
Substance contained in something.
The subject matter of a book.
The act of fighting.
A competition for victory.
To be a candidate in an election.
An election which has been contested.
Circumstance relevant to something that is under consideration.
An analysis done with reference to a particular context.
state of being in close proximity or having close contact
A bill of exchange originated from the mainland Europe.
Currencies which are in circulation across the world.
Particular method followed in a continent.
An agreement for incidental expenditure.
To get signature of 2nd person on contingencies document.
Documents relating to contingencies which are fully confirmed.
Contingencies which have been brought in conformity with measured rule.
Contingencies created for distinct purpose.
an event that may happen even when not intended
A fund created out of profits etc. to meet contingencies.
Amount given as assistance for contingency.
A group of people.
A person who is benefited a matter of chance.
A summary of contingent bill.
Contingent bill giving full information.
Responsibility of the contingent.
A type of duty / tax imposed as measure of retaliation.
A liability that may arise on a certain event.
Liability depended on something uncertain.
A provision that provides for continuance of something.
A sheet (of paper) which is being continued.
A bond which has no specific date of redemption
Guarantee that remain in force for the period not specified.
A connection which is uninterrupted between something.
without any break in time, sequence, or space
Appointments continuing without interruption.
The process of continuously loading cargo.
fever that is steady for long duration
Stopping unbroken
A market where transactions continue to take place.
A method of happening unstopped.
Service without break.
Organisms which are part of the same species but showing signs of different characteristics or structure.
Organisms which are part of the same species but showing signs of different characteristics or structure.
It is an order of flowering plants.
Curl or twist among itself.
A system of cultivation where outer edges of the land are marked.
An account which is debited or credited against another account.
An account for regulation another account.
When balance appear on both the sides i. e. debit as also credit.
Which are prohibited.
Such baggage which are prohibited while travelling.
Process of exercising control over trading in contraband goods.
Process of exercising control over trading in contraband goods.
Goods which are prohibited.
prevention of pregnancy
capable of preventing pregnancy.
jelly inserted into the vagina to kill sperms for prevention of pregancy
Such entries of debit and credit which appear on both sides of the books at the same time.
Such entries of debit and credit which appear on both sides of the books at the same time.
A business agreement containing terms.
To undertake execution of some work.
Account pertaining to contract.
Act covering contracts.
A document executed for some business agreement.
An allowance relating to contract.
An agreement for amount paid annually.
Amount to be made available on contract.
To enter into a contract to obtain loan.
shortening of a muscle
The possible result of the contraction.
Policy adopted by the central bank of the country which aims at reduction of money supply.
When supply of currency has become scarce.
When demand for goods has come down.
Labour which has been engaged on contract basis.
Labour which has been engaged on contract basis.
A note issued in information of contract.
One who undertakes to supply or provide anything.
A book used for recording transaction of contractors and distributors.
Period during which contract is in force.
The amount that has been settled for the contract.
A rate at which purchases are decided (General Government Department Purchase).
A rate at which purchases are decided (General Government Department Purchase).
The amount of rent that has been agreed to be paid as per terms of contract.
The amount of rent that has been agreed to be paid as per terms of contract.
Risk involved on execution of the contract.
A document which has come into existence as a result of contract.
A document which has come into existence as a result of contract.
Liability arising out of contract.
Such obligations which arise out of a contract and are required to be fulfilled / honoured.
Bindings arising out of contract.
Certain rights conferred on a party to the contract.
Services bared on contract.
abnormal and permanent shortening of a scar tissue or muscle
To refuse to accept as true.
The act of contradiction.
Which is mutually opposed.
Which is opposing the one already taken place (effect).
The thing stated in full of contradictions.
An entry which is recorded on both sides of the book i. e. - debit and credit.
a factor or condition which makes a particular procedure or treatment inadvisable
Such an item which appear on both sides of the balance sheet.
of or related to opposite side of the body
Which is opposite of type.
Act of transgressing.
An act which is against the law in force.
To give in common with others.
Given for common purpose.
The act of contributing.
Something that was contributed.
A payment made for acquiring bonds - subscribing bonds.
Something that was contributed (plural).
The act of contributing towards share of capital.
One who contributes.
Operated by mean of contribution.
to give, supply, assist or to have share along with others
A contributory fund created for future needs.
A contributory fund created for future needs.
A scheme that is contributory.
The value that represents the amount of contribution made.
Accounts which hold the same total debits, credits and balances as the ledger (s) it represents.
A chart for exercising control.
The control flow graph is a pictorial representation of the logic in a software module.
An economy that is deliberately done in particular way (by the government).
Price which has been restrained.
Who has power to control.
Principles on which exercising control will depend.
Act restraint on expenditure.
That wing of the organisation which is responsible for exercising control.
Which have come under dispute.
Issues which are under dispute.
Prolonged argument on a dispute.
a tissue injury with intact skin and with some discoloration
gradual recovery of health after illness
transfer of heat through liquid or gas caused by molecular motion
To call to meet.
To call to meet.
One who convenes (a meeting).
Freedom from difficulty.
Such goods which are for personal comfort and ready to use.
An accepted practice.
a widely used and accepted mode of treatment
According to convention.
Audit report which is according to convention.
A rate that is accepted by convention.
Marks which are usually used.
The system of tariff which is according to some convention or depend on general agreement of social behaviour.
coordinated inward rotation of the eyeballs to focus a close object
A like Structure not caused by heredity but by the environment.
Which is reversal of the original entry or opposite to it.
An act of converting.
change in the form or function
Charges levied on conversion.
Expenses incurred on conversion.
To change into company from (from existing one).
Such of type of loan where periodicity of a loan is changed from short term to medium or long term.
The process of converting a loan from short term to medium or long term or its use.
A table of statistics showing conversion into another form.
To change into another form.
To change from one use to another.
A type of leave that has been converted from one form to another.
The state of being convertible in other form.
A written portion in an agreement or other document which contain provision for conversion of loaning into equity.
That can be converted.
Such countries which have agreed to have the arrangement of convertible currency.
A bond which, on demand by the bearer, can be exchanged for holding in shares.
Such type of currency which can be converted into other currency without any restriction.
Debentures which are being sold by an entity which may be converted into share capital a later date.
A cluster or group of currencies of different countries which are convertible with each other with no restrictions.
A cluster or group of currencies of different countries which are convertible with each other with no restrictions.
Bank notes, promissory notes, bills of exchange etc. which can be converted in another form.
Securities (bonds) which can be converted from one form to another form.
Securities which may readily be turned into cash.
To transmit.
The act of conveying / transferring property from one person to another.
A type of allowance given in lieu of use of vehicle.
A type of allowance given in lieu of use of vehicle.
A document executed while transforming property from one to another.
Expenses incurred on transport.
To get the use of vehicle on payment.
The process of transferring of land by the owner to the other person.
A person looking after transfer of property documents.
The person who transfers ownership to another.
The person who has been found guilty.
The person who has been found guilty.
A strong belief.
A large gathering where degrees are awarded.
ridge or fold on the suface of the brain
A convolutional code is a type of channel coding which joins patterns of redundancy to the data in terms of improving the signal - to - noise ratio (SNR) for more accurate decoding at the receiving end.
A note indicating about escort for protection.
sudden uncontrollable and repeated contractions of muscles resulting in shaking of body parts
A person whose job is cooking.
To dishonestly change official records and figures in order to steal money.
Time taken for cooling from heat.
When market has started coming down after reaching a height.
Working together for the same end.
Working together for the same end.
Who is willing to help.
Willing to cooperate / go together.
A bank registered under Cooperative Societies Act. (State or Central).
A type of agricultural society which undertakes farming operation by pooling the land and other resources of its member.
Such a cooperative society which provide loan / other credit facilities to its members.
The network of cooperative institution which provide credit support to various sections of the society for different purposes.
An institution register under cooperative societies Act.
Marketing operations of commodities which are organised and conducted on cooperative based principles / institutions.
A series of combined activities for furthering the cause of cooperation by a dedicated group of people.
Such a cooperative society which is engaged in activities which are not related to financing such as, milk collection, distribution of seeds and fertilizers etc.
A producer who is providing / making some product / article is attached to the cooperative society.
Goods which are produced by a cooperative society or group of cooperative societies.
An institution registered under cooperative societies Act.
A business organisation run on cooperative basis.
To appoint as a fellow member.
Appointed as a fellow member.
A person who has been co - opted.
Organising an activity in such a way that the people involved in it work together as a team for good results.
Efforts which are well organised and enjoy support of everyone.
The international time standard (formerly Greenwich Mean Time, or GMT).
A computer storage in which coordinates are used to address the locations or circuit elements. Also known as matrix storage.
assisting or regulating others to work in harmony
Working together effectively.
working in harmony
A committee formed to ensure participation and cooperation of one and all for the event / project.
Who has joint interest in there property.
Those who own jointly.
Those who own something jointly with others.
Where title (to property etc.) is jointly with other person.
The state of being owned something jointly with other person / persons.
A system of inherittance when someone dies intestate.
A system of inherittance where entitled interests will jointly inherit the estate when tenant died intestate.
Who is member of a partnership.
Person having share (generally equal) in the business.
Type of relationship of partners.
A system of managing a venture by which employees are entitled to a voice in the management and share profit.
A particular class of insects.
Such item in the process of production which are produced alongwith the main product.
Consumption of waste material from excreta.
act of sexual intercourse
A thing made to be identical to original.
A machine that makes copies or duplicates.
An exclusive legal right to an author, artist etc on his creation for a certain period.
Fees which is paid for copyright.
A hairy structure present on legs of insects or bees to carry pollens.
An outline which resembles heart.
Warm and hearty (relationship) / Affectionate.
A plant trained to grown along a support.
innermost part
central part of an object
The most important part of banking.
Capital which is the central part of any business enterprise and cannot be spared.
Deposits which constitute most important segment of the deposit of the bank.
Teaching staff which is engaged on permanent basis and is most important to the institution.
A group of eminent persons which has been assigned some important job.
Industries which enjoy a central place in the economy of the country.
Core inflation is a measure of inflation which exclude certain items like food and energy which have volatile movement
A computer storage system in which each of thousands of magnetic cores stores one bit of information; current pulses are sent through wires threading through the cores to record or read out data. Also known as core memory; core storage.
The most important (of something).
Such areas which are considered to be crucial (most important) for the economy of the country.
A computer storage system in which each of thousands of magnetic cores stores one bit of information; current pulses are sent through wires threading through the cores to record or read out data. Also known as core memory; core storage.
a herb or its aromatic seeds
A tissue which is present on the outer side of the tree bark.
A tissue present in vascular plants.
An underground stem which stores food in it.
cone shaped hardening of the skin caused by pressure or friction, usually on the sole
transparent convex anterior portion of the eyeball through which light enters the eye
The process of acquiring / purchasing a commodity in such large quantities that the buyer has control over its price.
Purchasing of commodities in the market is such a way that the buyers are in a position to have control over the price.
A place where corn used to be brought and sold.
Small tube like structure which tends to be upright and pointing backwards and found on plant - eating insects.
Conversion of a tissue into hornlike substance
anatomical part which resembles a horn
The separated or joined petals of a flower arranged in different orientations.
the crown shaped upper portion of a body part such as tooth or skull
denoting blood vessels of the heart
blocking of coronary artery
Tissue mass present in the insects on their head.
Nervous tissue which may be separate or fused and found in theposterior part of insects.
These are pair of structures which are found in the insect brain.
An institution established under law.
The process of rearranging the loan facility granted to a corporate body.
The income which is being generated by the company.
Loan / Credit facilities extended to corporate body.
The way in which the affairs of a corporate body are conducted.
Office of the corporate body from where its affairs are conducted.
The group which owns the corporate body.
An outline of the activities to be undertaken by the corporate body.
An area related to the corporate bodies.
Instruments of investment issued by corporate body.
When a dispute in corporate sector has been settled through an agreement between the parties.
The tax paid by companies on their profits / capital gains.
A legal body for some enterprise.
An elected body of persons to govern the town.
A certificate of money lent issued by the local authority (corporation).
A tax levied by the corporation.
of or related to body
body louse
louse that infests the body of humans
A body of troops (people) with special duties.
A special group of diplomats.
dead body of a human being
A special group of volunteers.
A collection of material etc. (writing etc.)
A cylindrical structure present in the front of the allimentary cannal, present between intestine and stoma..
living cells in human beings
A basic fund created for specific purposes.
Yellow body that is formed in the ovary after the egg cell is released.
When an entry is passed to remove an error from the records
A process of correcting something.
Service for correcting faults.
An act of correction and altering (in written text).
A slip containing correction.
Action initiated to correct something.
Initiative or steps taken to correct an undesired / harmful thing that has happened or adopted previously.
Initiative or steps taken to correct an undesired / harmful thing that has happened or adopted previously.
a relation between two things which is always existing
A mutual relationship between two parts, phenomenon or things.
A multiplier that shows a mutual relation between two or more things.
To have communication through letters.
To have communication through letters.
The process of exchanging letters.
The process of exchanging letters.
The process of exchanging letters.
Portion containing correspondence.
One who communicate by writing letters.
A reporter of the news papers.
Balances similar to the one maintained at one place.
A bank in one country which acts when so required on behalf of a bank in another country.
Where another bank is authorised to conduct business as representative of one bank.
Similar to another in character.
Similar to another in character.
An entry which is similar to another entry passed at other place.
Thing to be corrected.
To give support to a statement.
Act of corroborating.
slow deterioration of metal due to erosion by chemical reaction
an agent capable of destroying solid substance
Who is morally depraved.
Use of correct practices.
A morally decayed habitual action.
the outer portion of an organ or body part
A tissue present on the outer side of the structure in plants, as bark.
outer or peripheral portion of adrenal gland
The outer layer of the plant stem.
A group of flowers which end up growing into a flat top.
acute inflammation of the nasal mucus membrane characterized by nasal congestion, watery nasal dischare and sneezing.
Having joint share.
The person who has signed on a document with the main signatory sharing responsibility.
Is a family of species which prefer moist environment.
A city where people from all parts of the world reside.
The wealth that belongs to the people from different parts of the world and not one group.
A price for acquiring / making a thing.
The midrib which is present in the leaves of small leafy plants.
Work which lacks cost restraint.
A person who is professionally qualified to evaluate the cost structure / process of something.
A branch of accounting relating to costs.
Advising item of cost (to different centers).
Division of cost (on same decided basis).
Cost of basic components (in making item).
It is an indicator that suggest that how much can be gained by streamlining the factors of cost.
A board displaying cost.
Upper limit of the cost.
The point around which cost revolves.
Arranging cost under different heads (categories).
Condition of being aware or alert, about the cost factor.
Contract relating to cost.
Accounts kept to restrain cost.
Steps which have been initiated to keep to cost under control.
The criteria which would be sufficient to meet cost.
That part of the cost that is incurred by the department.
The process through which cost can be reduced.
Sum of amount spent in production process as direct.
The method of payment which involve least cost.
The method of payment which involve least cost.
Such a source (place of obtaining things) through which cost can be reduced.
A rough evaluation of cost.
Something that contributes or influences the cost.
Expenses that can be attributed to cost of producing other than administrative selling etc. expenses.
Cost of production in money terms.
Complete cost.
Cost which is not net.
Showing the value of an asset at it original cost or acquisition.
General price increase which goes up as a result of escalating cost of the commodities.
The process of estimating cost involved.
The methods which are applied in estimating the cost.
The price in which cost, insurance, freight are included.
Components of quoted price cost, insurance, freight (CIF) (Shipping related).
A term generally used in shipping that indicates that the quoted price include cost of goods insurance, freight and commission and is to be borne by the seller.
Cost for performing a particular job.
Cost (price) that is charged to the buyer for purchase of something.
Consisting cost of more than one factor.
The amount that is spent for obtaining something.
Cost involved in issuing something.
Expenses incurred on living.
Expenses incurred on living.
The provision for the means required to support life.
Cost of transforming raw material into finished goods.
The cost involved in force and propelling (of a ship).
The amount incurred in connection with remitting funds.
Cost incurred in connection with reproducing the same item of goods.
Total cost involved in selling of goods.
Cost relating to operations.
This curve reflects relationship between the efficient input combination and volume of output.
Cost which has exceeded the estimate.
A method that involves costs and contractor.
Such a system of executing a project where with full reimbursement of cost a fixed amount as profit is granted.
When cause of inflation is a direct result of increase in cost of production.
When cause of inflation is a direct result of increase in cost of production.
A system of pricing where in addition to cost other factors are taken into account for deciding price.
When someone sells all his costs and part of the profit.
System that is based on cost and profit.
The price at which something has been produced / acquired for sale.
Costs that directly affect the cost of production.
Cost involved in a process.
Factors other than demand that causes price increase.
This is a sequence of events that ultimately results in increase of price to customer (Price increase when demand exceeds supply, producer pay more for raw material result increase in price and so on).
Price / Value of cost.
A list of items detailing cost of components of the production.
Cost at which goods can be sold.
Details showing various components of cost.
A sudden increase in the cost which may be unavoidable.
Quantifying cost of one commodity.
Statement showing the details of cost.
Cost till end.
Cost related to a whole.
A particular amount of a product that can be used to state the cost.
The amount by which cost of two or more articles of similar nature differs.
A person who alongwith some other person takes on legal responsibility of someone to make good the loss in case of latter 's default.
A person who enjoy tenancy rights jointly with some other person.
A person who has been named to manage a trust alongwith some other person / persons.
Industrial / production activity which is house based is cottage industry and industries defined according to investment in plant and machinery as decided by the Govt. are small scale industries.
An industrial activity run from small house (at small scale).
a material made by cotton capable of absorbing fluid like blood
Process of removing seeds from cotton with a gin.
The seed of the cotton plant.
Industry which is engaged in making clothes from cotton.
raw or minimally processed cotton
A leaf in the embryo of plants which bear seeds.
a condition of airway that causes frequent coughing
forceful and sudden expulsion of air from lungs that makes a characteristic sound
Cough which produces sputum
An advisory body / An elected administrative body.
Council consisting of head of departments of the Govt.
The upper house of Indian parliament.
To give advice.
The process of giving course.
the process of guiding and assisting.
A flat topped table where business in transacted.
A part of a receipt.
A machine that perform calculations.
a device or instrument that counts
an instrument that counts the number of cells
The act of counteracting.
an action that neutralizes or opposes some action
Written statement on oath filed in reply or opposing.
Any thing that balances another.
A duty levied to have an equal and opposite effect of other type of duty.
An accusation in return for me received.
A claim made against another claim.
A person who attends transactions at counter.
Steps initiated against the current economic cycles to reduce their impact.
Coins which are not genuine.
Coins which are not genuine.
To make fraudulent copy.
A part of a receipt / ticket etc.
A matching type of fund.
A guarantee by the customer to the bank in cases guarantee is issued by the bank on customer 's behalf in favour of third party.
A thing making a natural complement or serves the same purpose.
Entry that serves the same purpose as another.
Funds which form a natural complement to another and serve the same purpose.
Producing the opposite effect than desired (loss instead of profit).
Such security which is provided against some other security.
Adding signature to a already signed document.
Adding signature to a already signed document.
a signature attesting the authenticity of a previously signed document
An already signed document signed by another.
A tax levied on imports to offset a subsidy in exporting country.
The type of excise duty levied on goods to offset a subsidy element.
Power that is equally strong but has opposite effect.
Where accounting (counting) is done.
A system of clearing for rural areas.
The amount of loan provided by a foreign book in a country.
Country of birth or ancestry.
A security for debt raised from foreign investors.
To determine the value of the foreign investment.
Device for joining two parts.
A token that entitles to receive something.
The rate of interest payable annually on the par value bonds / debentures etc.
A mating activity without having physical contact, as that of pollination in plants.
Person who carries correspondence.
A bag containing letters.
Services related to courier.
Series of successive movement.
A line along with something moves.
prescribed material (books etc.) / or study.
To provide as a kind gesture.
A title of no legal validity that is assumed or granted by custom, such as the academic title professor given to any instructor at a college.
Amount of fee to be deposit with court.
When an organisation is not in a position to repay its debt and wound up through legal process.
One who has been appointed by the court to close down one 's business.
Courts which deals with small type of cases.
A written contract between two or more parties describing promises made.
The area covered (described).
The extent of protection provided by insurance against loss / damage etc.
Such warrants which are issued on the basis of existing assets.
Such a document the maker of which has option in case of increase or decrease in the value of stated item.
A letter along with something.
List recorded on the cover.
Schedule inside or over (a book etc.)
Describing things in a particular situation.
The amount that has been set aside to meet the possible liability / risk.
A note that describing briefly their features of contents.
From beginning to end (a book etc.)
To enter into a transaction (buy a sale) to offset the impact of prior deal.
A rate which is secret or hidden (to provide indirect cover).
The distinctive characteristics which are covertly designed in the security system.
First part of the leg which is near to the body.
The process of growth of the part which join the leg to the body.
The lowermost joint of the limbs of woodlice.
CPU is an electronic circuit which execute computer programs.
That makes cracking sounds.
beginning period of life
Person skilled in handwork.
Leaving no other option open - exhausted all.
acute abdominal pain
painful involutary contraction of muscle
Money paid for hiring a crane.
of or related to portion of the skull that encloses the brain
something which is related to cranium or skull
the cavity within the skull occupied by brain
any of the nerves which arise from the brain in pairs and pass out of the skull to reach the peripheral part of the body through some openings in the skull
a branch of science that deals with measurement of skull
formation of surgical opening in the skull
the part of the skull enclosing the brain
the portion of the skull which encloses and protects the brain
A sudden great fall.
Hurriedly organised programme.
Hurriedly organised programme.
an intense desire for a specific thing
Price level that changes at a very slow pace - looks like a fixed level.
Sticks of coloured chalk.
Paper used for colouring by crayons.
Group of people who have derived (rich) benefits - best part of anything like cream.
Created money is buying debt which was generated to pay earlier debt or when new money is issued.
a nitrogenous substance found in muscle tissue
break - down product of creatine found in blood and muscles which is excreted in urine
Money which is created for meeting the additional demand for developmental / improvement plans.
Committing a financial liability on some asset.
Inspiring people to buy something.
The process through which new money is produced or issued.
A day nursery for small children.
a hospital where foundlings are cared
A committee that looks after the work relating to credential.
Condition of being credible.
A loan or any other accomodations.
That deserves praise.
When a loan proposal is given approval.
The process when loan is put into correct position.
A society organised for giving credit accepting thrift.
Plans or measures for obtaining loan / credit facility.
An agreement regarding the details of credit or loan.
A balance in favour of the customer.
Bank which is providing loan facilities.
A bill for redemption of debt.
A small plastic card that one can use to buy goods or services or draw cash.
A type of loan facility.
A certificate relating to credit.
A promise to grant loan.
Instructions issued by the central bank of the country on credit control measures which must be implemented.
Measures / tools through which credit control is exercised.
A society registered under Co - operative Societies Act and can accept deposits from members and lend to them.
A critical situation in obtaining / providing loan facilities when bank are reluctant to lend.
A critical situation in obtaining / providing loan facilities when bank are reluctant to lend.
Restraints on credit.
A decision relating to providing credit facilities.
The way credit facilities are extended to the ultimate borrowers.
The requirement of loan facilities from various sectors.
The way credit is used for different purposes.
The proportion in which a bank has provided loans as percentage of deposits.
To adhere to the rules and terms of sanction and deployment of loan.
The act or system of providing credit facilities.
Entered at the credit side.
To give credit to.
Recording an entry in the credit side of books.
Investment which has been made out of the credit facilities obtained.
A deficiency in resources even after obtaining loan to meet the need.
Arrangements under which the designated agency will make good the loss to financing agency on account of default of the borrower upto certain limit.
Some knowledge about loan facilities.
Institution which is engaged in providing lending facilities.
A formal written document by means of which some rights / obligations are created between the lender and borrower.
A formal written document by means of which some rights / obligations are created between the lender and borrower.
A means of issuing against non - payment of debt.
Such insurance policies which provide cover for specified risks in the lending operation.
A method of financing trade where payment to be made by a banker.
A statement that shown how much credit can be provided to a borrower.
The type of credit that can be made available within specified limits.
A system or organisation that is responsible or engaged in managing credit.
When payment towards credit is treated as if it is a cash payment.
Arrangement that has been made or deployed for checking proper utilisation of credit.
It is a measure to the extent to which the creation of money will change with reference to outstanding credit.
A note containg advice of credit.
The act of availing credit facilities.
The type of credit which serves several purposes.
When account is credited after realisation of the instrument deposited.
One to whom debt is owing.
One to whom debt is owing.
A country to whom some amount is required to be paid by the other country.
Credits where debt / payment has been postponed.
A person to whom debt is owned against acceptance for bill.
A person to whom debt is owned against expenditure.
Which is helpful or comforting to the creditor.
Creditor whose debt is fully backed by security.
A type of creditor where supplier relies on credibility of the creditor.
Creditor whose debt is partly secured.
In case of winding up or involvency such creditor gets preference over other creditors.
A creditor that has a legal charge on assets belonging to debtor.
Security obtained in the position of being a creditor.
A ledger / account register which reflects position of accounts to whom payment is due or money is owed.
When claims of creditors are not likely to be met the process of voluntary winding up of the company may be started.
One to whom debt is owing on account of supply of goods or services.
A person that is owned money but no security for the debt.
When credit has been made available to a wider section of the society.
A plan of action prepared to meet the credit requirements in an area.
Things which are purchased but payment therefor is made later.
The person who plays a role in arranging credit and is actively associated with this work.
Loan which is subject to certain conditions.
The credit which has general excellence and is satisfying.
It is an exercise relating to assessment of creditworthiness of a customer or a client.
A system / method through which creditworthiness is assessed.
Steps initiated to exercise control over liberal disbursement of credit.
A credit facility automatically renewed for available amount.
A system where payment is deformed.
To give points for the purpose of considering for credit. A measuring method of risk factor.
A slip that contains broad details of deposit.
When credit is not available easily and in desired quantity.
The position of reputation one enjoys in connection with considering credit proposals
The prestige one enjoys in credit matters.
When a large loan is arranged by a bank involving some other banks, its management is done by the lead bank for this purpose.
A specialised type of credit.
Credit creation by monetary authority that would push investment beyond society 's long term capacity to save.
When amount has been deposited in some Government account.
Provide credit in the account which is drawn on bank / branch outside the local area.
When only a part or slice of the total loan sanctioned is released.
A type of credit not pledged to.
Status of being worthy for getting credit.
Reputation for financial integrity for the purpose of extending lending facilities.
The stem that grows along any surface by letting out roots.
An arrangement to buy back securities (shares etc.) from the investors in a gradual manner.
A skin disease caused by the larvae of various parasitic worms which is mixed in moist soil.
Inflation which is moving slowly.
total reduction of a dead body to ashes by burning
The place where human dead bodies are burned
Is a fruit having 2 seeds and evolved from plants having flower stalks spread from a particular point.
a notched, saw like structure on the margin of any body
a abnormal, crackling sound of lung heared by stethescope
an abnormal, crackling sound feel by hand
a sound during movement feel by hand or heard
The moon like structure as in its first or last quarter, with concave and convex edges.
half moon like half circle structure of the body part.
A half ring like structure having broad center and tapering edges.
a ridge, especially on bone, forming its principal border
a stupid person, an insensitive person,
A congenital condition having short stature due to deficiency of thyroid hormone
a crack or small fissure.
A group of persons manning a ship, aircraft or train.
A list of crew members.
perforeted: like a sieve
Is a name of bacterial family.
Genus which mostly dwells on plant roots and have strong rings around their body and hard covering.
It is a name of a family, which has species of agriculture importance.
An act committed in violation of law.
When abortion is not done in accordance with the existing law of the land, it is said to be a case of criminal abortion.
Breaking of a trust (promise) with criminal intention.
A court where criminal cases are dealt with.
An offence punishable under law.
A rule book (code) presenting procedure for trying criminal offences.
the code on the basis of which type of cime is decided and punishment is given to the offender
A person or animal that is partially disabled or unable to use a limb or limbs:
A time of great difficulty.
a critical situation
sudden change in the course of disease
The way how in time of acute difficulty things can be managed / tackled.
Its a fold which is present in the membrane of the organelle which functions in energy production i. e Mitochondrion.
A ridge, crest, or elevated line projecting from a level or evenly rounded surface.
A standard to judge something.
Accounts which require careful and constant attention.
A piece of writing in a newspaper or magazine which criticizes or reviews something.
Branches which enjoy a place of importance for any reason.
Expression involving criticism.
A decisive moment of time (date).
The raw material which is essential or of prime importance for production of some article.
Resources which are crucial.
A critical comment or judgment.
Claws present on caterpillars which allows them to stick to leaf surface.
It is a process of estimating amount of production under different crops generally undertaken by revenue or agriculture department in states.
When crops did not grow or destroyed due to drought, floods or insects etc. reasons.
When an insurance cover is obtained for failure of crop.
System of providing short term loans to farmers for raising crops.
A person who does not own agricultural land but is tilling it on sharing basis.
The system or order of growing crops on agricultural land in different seasons.
A farmer who is raising crop on other 's land on the basis of sharing the produced crop.
This is a practice in India where the tiller shares crop yield with the owner of the land.
Area of agricultural land which is being used for raising crops.
Informative figures relating to crop yield.
To go across.
To draw intersecting lines.
When savings of one country are diverted to other countries for better yield on investment.
When savings of one country are diverted to other countries for better yield on investment.
The trade between different countries of the world.
An interminture of two breeds (animal).
A cheque that bears across its face two parallel transverse lines.
The process wherein food is contaminated by pathogens and is later passed on to healthy surfaces.
Which is not confined to main or direct road but extended to countryside.
A currency that is used for settlement against another currency.
Transactions which have been made / entered into foreign currency.
An instrument that provides a contractual right on the purchaser for call or put option of a currency against another currency.
A cheque with two parallel transverse lines across its face.
The state of being elastic that is to say which can return to its original position after being stretched or squeezed.
The act of questioning closely a witness in law court to check the testimony already given.
Place where roads cross.
Two transverse lines on the cheque.
When transferee shall not have better title than transformer 'not negotiable'.
The process of drawing two parallel transverse line on the face of a cheque with or without some permissible words.
Process wherein genes are exchanged between different varieties.
When name of the bank is written on face of the cheque without transverse lines.
An example of crossing.
A stamp that may be used for the purposed crossing of the cheque.
A clause agreement / contract etc. where both / all the parties are made liable.
When shares of a company are listed on more than one stock exchange.
Traffic from both sides.
Transfer pollen grains from anther of one plant to another without physical contact, which later aids in fertilisations.
When rates of two currencies are quoted for a third currency in exchange transactions.
A reference from one part of the text to another.
A reference from one part of the text to another.
It is the process of opposing the ill effect of toxic material.
Section which is obtained by cutting across at right angles to the axis.
Process of selling against something.
Similar type of assistance which may come from different sources.
When financing is subsidised from different sources.
Traffic going others side by crossing the road.
Crossware refers to the software which is develeped for, or run on more than one type of hardware platform.
A plant belonging tho the family of legumes and mostly found in asia.
A shrub found in asia and which is a source of croton oil.
When number of other projects are also taken up alongwith the main project / To set foot in new activities.
When number of other projects are also taken up alongwith the main project / To set foot in activities.
To supplant or uprooting from the place when one finds it difficult to service.
When many units starts operation in a place with limited scope all tend to decline.
When trading is done in multiple type of items.
CRT is used in televisions and computer monitors.
Something that is very important as many things may depend on it.
Such commodities which are essentially required for life without which it would be difficult to manage.
Such commodities which are essentially required for life without which it would be difficult to manage.
The date which is very important.
Such material without which it may be difficult to produce / make something.
Sectors which are extremely important for economy.
arranged like a letter x
cross shaped structue
Related to vegetables which have a long stem which later ends up as small branches.
In unrefined state.
Lacking good manners.
Which is in natural state.
raw, unprocessed material
Which is not in finished form.
Some thing extracted from earth in the natural form.
Oil which is obtained in natural form before it is separated into different products.
Difficult situation created on account of lack of money.
A support given by two processes to the tentacles of water dwelling worm like animals.
an act of crushing
Period during which sugar cane crushing operations are taken up for making sugar / jeggery etc.
a device, used for support
A change in the meatabolic activities due to adverse environmental conditions.
Is a family name of species and is monotypic.
A pit like depression or tubular recess
Cryptanalysis is a procedure to study of ciphers, ciphertext, or cryptosystems in order to finding weaknesses in them.
Species with similar physical characteristics but having different genes.
Species with similar physical characteristics but having different genes.
Reversible metabolic activity which is initiated because of adverse environment.
hidden testes
A group which includes seedless and flowerless plants.
a hidden menstruation flow
A process of cell division occuring in single celled organisms.
a tranparent, clear, glass like piece of solid substance
made up of crystal
When the risk has taken a definite shape.
When position about debt has become clear.
Respiratory structure resembling a comb present in plant dwelling organisms like snail.
a cube like shape
a small partitioned space
the fore arm
the dead end sreet like structure in the body
related to use in cooking
The stem of plant belonging to grass family.
measurement of heat by culorimeter
Deserving blame for killing of a man.
One who has committed crime.
Land that can be used for cultivation.
A hybrid variety of plants which is cultivated and maintained.
A hybrid variety of plants which is cultivated and maintained.
Land that is actually used for raising crops or plants.
The act of cultivating.
The person who himself / herself cultivate his / her land.
One who cultivates.
An agreement relating to culture.
A process carried out in gardening to control pest growth an multiplication.
Implementation of techniques to control pest, weed popuilation etc.
A programme through which intellectual activists visit each other 's country in exchange.
cultivation of acell
to grow in a prepared medium
The process by which microorganisms are grown by putting them in a nutrient medium.
The process by which microorganisms are grown by putting them in a nutrient medium.
burning, the rapid oxidation of any substance accompined by the production of heat & light.
The sale of a share or other stock in which dividend is included.
Such instruments (debenture / bond etc.) which when sold inclusive of interest.
Which increases by successive additions.
increasing by successive additions.
Which increases by successive additions.
Where interest on deposit is added to the principal and goes on increasing.
Dividend that goes on accumulating.
The effect of accumulation which goes on adding.
The liability which has accumulated over a period of time.
Loss that accumulates over a period of time.
A process where pesticides are used continuesly inorder to increase its effect on pests.
Such dividend which is not paid in one year will be paid in next year.
Such type of preference shares which are issued based on the understanding that unpaid dividend will be accumulated.
Shares issued on the understanding that any dividend not paid in one year will be paid in subsequent year.
A scheme where the interest earning on a deposit goes on accumulating.
A triangular shaped structure of the forewings of certain insects.
a hallow structure
a small dome
a snail shell
A rupee coin minted by a mix of copper and nicked.
able to cure
A restraint or a check.
Such a share which is not registered (in the share market).
Head of cauliflower, broccoli which has edible characteristics.
something like curd of milk
Goods which have been cured.
Person who undertakes curing.
A scraping, usually of the interior of a cavity or tract
an instrument which has scoop, ring, loop at its tip
A disease in plant due to which leaves tend to get distorted and torn out.
A process where root / leaf tips get wavy effect.
A process where root / leaf tips get wavy effect.
Any medium of monetary exchange which is in circulation at the moment.
The period during which something remain current.
An account maintained for currency related matters (generally by the central bank).
Currency - recognised medium of exchange - Bank Note - Firm of currency issued by central bank.
The system or type of currency and coins in use in a country.
Increase in the value of currency of a country vis - a - vis currency of other country.
Different group of nations which have adopted different currencies and belong to that group.
Different group of nations which have adopted different currencies and belong to that group.
Bonds which are issued in an overseas country and repayable in the currency of that particular country.
Store home for currency.
When different currencies are mixed and used.
A sudden loss of value in currency.
A crisis relating to currency.
The process of reduction of the amount of money in circulation.
Such a situation in which value of money falls with reference to general level of prices and its price in international market will be lower.
Which separates the currency notes.
Currency transactions which are traded for a future date.
A situation that results in fall of money value which can buy fewer goods.
Bank notes of a country which are legal and acceptable medium of exchange.
Bank notes of a country which are legal and acceptable medium of exchange.
The duration for which loan has been granted or will remain in operation.
Duration till the post exists.
Transactions relating to currency and other activities relating thereto.
It is the difference between the total purchases and total sales of any particular currency.
It is a transaction between two parties in which they exchange specific amount of two different currencies to be settled at predetermined rate.
Transactions which are related to transfer of currency from one office / place to another.
Any form of currency that is in public circulation and can be used as medium of exchange for goods / services.
Which belongs to the present time.
a live body having flow of fluid
a live body having electric flow
An account with a bank from which any part of the balance can be withdrawn on demand.
When total imports of goods and services in a country are more than its exports of goods and services.
A periodical statement showing transactions in current account.
Assets which are in the form of cash.
The assets which are of less permanent nature in a business and intended to be exchanged in the normal cause of business.
When capital deployed in a business is evaluated with reference to fixed assets and stocks at the current price level.
People 's need or desire to buy or use goods or services at the moment.
Such deposits which can be withdrawn on demand.
Such amounts to be received which are not overdue.
Duties assigned at the moment.
Expenditure which is being incurred presently.
The period between one balance sheet to the next balance sheet which is generally 12 months. For tax purposes it is from 1st April to 31st March of the following year.
Income which is being received for the present.
Current liabilities are short term debts which are required to be settled within a period of 12 months.
Liabilities which are due for payment within next twelve months.
Such loan amount which is current and has not become overdue.
Price of the market at the moment.
Price at the moment.
The price level of various articles prevailing in the market at a given time.
The expenditure that has been proposed during the current fiscal by the government.
This is the ratio that current assets bear to current liabilities.
The arrangement that exist to regulate at the present.
The cost which is incurred for replacement of something at current price.
Current income receipts of the state (receipts).
A piece of paper that represents acknowledgement of value.
Present day session.
Session (academic) at the moment.
The payment for work or services on prevailing rates.
The return being earned on a financial instrument (debenture, bond etc.) calculated by dividing the amount of coupon interest, per year by its prevailing market price.
Cursor keys are those arrow keys which move the cursor up, down, right, and left on the computer screen.
Cursor movement keys include the up, down, left and right arrow, home, end, pageUp and pageDown keys.
To cut short.
in the body, any structure resembling a bend
CUseeMe is a low - cost software product for Internet videoconferencing.
In the body, any structure resembling a pad
Grace period allowed to fulfil a promise or meet obligation.
Such stock of goods which may be used as a protective shield in case of sudden need.
a fold or flap of valve in the heart
Person who proceeds protective care.
Protective care.
an immediate charge and cotroll by a person
Established as a custom.
A course of action followed as a custom.
A type of charge levied on custom duty.
Tax levied on imported goods.
Tax levied on imported goods.
A person who buys goods or services.
That provides comfort to the customer.
That type of banking where customer plays a pivotal role or it is in the best interest of the customer and suits him most.
That type of banking where customer plays a pivotal role or it is in the best interest of the customer and suits him most.
Such centres / offices which extend help to the customers to make things easy in transactions.
When special attention is paid to the customer for meeting his needs.
That serves the interests of customer better.
In context of telecommunications, customer premises equipment refers to the telephones, DSL modems or cable modems, set - top boxes which are located at customer premises.
An account maintained for customers.
Various type of services that are available to the customers to facilitate their transactions.
A department or unit of the bank that is assigned the responsibility of attending to customers various requirements and guide them.
A ledger or sales book maintained for customers.
To inspect at customs.
Through custom graphics you can create graphic presentations.
The income received by the government from custom duty.
A type of tax or duty levied on selected goods which are imported in the company.
When allowed through customer after checking.
When a written text is cut and then written over it.
In context of computer science, Cut - and - paste attack refers to an attack on the integrity of a security system wherein the attacker replaces a section of ciphertext with a different section which appears alike the removed one which facilitates the attacker for a particular purpose.
related covering of body
related to the skin
It is the process where breathing occurs through the outer dermis or skin.
A rate which has been rolled back.
To reduce the number of something or the money which is being spent presently.
To reduce the number of something or the money which is being spent presently.
Efforts to reduce the impact of diminishing demand.
An outer thin layer, usually horny in nature..
A thin layer which cover the plant surface.
A thin layer which cover the plant surface.
A waxy layer which is found in plants which helps them to avoid excess water loss and gives them protection
A process of layer formation which is carried out one after the other.
A process by which the outer layer is changed by external or internal factors.
The evaporation of water from the surface of the plant.
a vascular inner layer of the skin
A resolution moved for reduction.
A date beyond which operations are not allowed to continue.
The upper limit beyond which credit facilities cannot be granted.
A level of income beyond which certain facilities are not made available.
A war like situation in cutting price of products that leads to unhealthy competition.
Terms or conditions that apply for reduced rate.
A fierce / aggressive competition in trade to gain supremacy.
a bending or flexure
A bacteria which is photosynthetic and shows the presence of chlorophyll and found in salt or fresh water.
a bluish, discoloration of the skin due to less oxygen supply to the person
A structure which has male and female flowers surrounded by leaf cluster.
In context of computer science and information technology, Cyber Attack refers to such an attack which targets susceptible or defenseless computers and makes them malfunction or interrupts their flows of data in a way that disable businesses, financial institutions etc.
Periodical repetition of investment pattern.
Changes which are seasonal and rear intermittently.
A seasonal decline in the price of commodities / services etc.
The seasonal rise and fall in the price of commodities.
The growth that takes place in a particular direction at a periodical interval.
Such price which does not remain static but changes in a revoluting manner.
The seasonal fluctuation in price or in banking context movement in the balance of an account holder from credit to debit or vice - versa.
When employment opportunities shrink due to seasonal factors.
An organic chemical commercial used in pesticide production.
it is related to cyclopia
A shrimp like creature which is just being hatched.
shrimp - like fresh water creature having an eye in the middle.
Rotary movement of protoplasm inside the cell.
To print copies.
a rod like structure having circular ends
a shape like cylinder
A marked impressed on paper which is shaped like cylinder.
a straight hallow circular structure
The end part of the stem axis which bears a centrally located flower and which opens up earlier then other flowers.
CYMK is an acronym for Cyan Magenta Yellow blacK which refers to the color space which is used for commercial printing and most of the color computer printers.
Secret writing.
The figure of zero.
A telegram prepared in codified language.
A dry single seeded fruit with attached sepals, as in sunflower family.
a hallow sac like structure called as bladder
a bag like structure contains material
Small spore like cell which are enclosed in a protective sac.
Excision of the the urinary bladder or cyst
related to the cyst
Inflammation of the urinary bladder.
Inflammation of the urinary bladder.
A round worm which is parasitic and injure the roots of plant, normally soyabean.
They are the daughter cells during the formation of ova.
a x ray picture of urinary badder by injecting radio opaque dye
Deposition of Calcium Carbonate in the wall of cells or plant leafs.
an instrument for visual examination of bladder
Incision or puncture into urinary bladder vesicotomy.
An enzyme present in cereals which has the ability to dissolve the cell wall.
Portion close to the nucleus which has centrioles in it.
A class of hemoprotein
Enzyme present in the plant mitochondria which help in electron transfer during respiration.
It is called as the cell wall in common biological terms.
A branch of biology which deals with modification of cell structure inorder to adapt to a particular environment.
A branch of bilogy dealing into the cell fusion.
A branch of biology studying the aspects of chromosomes.
A process of cell formation.
A biological process wherein two daughter cells are produced from the cell cytoplasm.
A biological process wherein two daughter cells are produced from the cell cytoplasm.
A particular hormone present in plants.
a branch of science deals with the study of cell
A branch of pathology which deals into changes that occur into cell during diseases.
derease in the normal cell number in the blood
The substance of a cell, exclusive of the nucleus,
Material present in the cell which surrounds the nucleus.
A process wherein certain characteristics are inherited through the genes present in the cytoplasmic organs.
Inability of plants to produce fully functional pollens which is inherited maternally.
A base present in DNA and RNA which joins together with guanine.
Filaments which are present in the cell cytoplasm and which help in maintenance, cell movement etc.
An external activity which results in cell locomotion.
Grouping of organisms wirth respect to its functions, chromosome count and structure.
inlammation of lacrimal gland or sac
Inflammation of one or more fingers.
Distally located segemnted of limbs in decapods and arthropods.
Is a family comprising of roundworms which are plant parasites.
Happening every day.
An intimation of vessels reaching daily.
Allowance paid per daily basis.
The balance that is appearing at the end or close of the working day.
The process of tallying balances of accounts on daily basis.
A written note indicating movement a of cash on daily basis.
Account related to currency in circulation and in vaults of the bank plus reserves which commercial banks hold in their account with central bank on daily basis.
A register maintained to record collections on daily basis against various demands.
A book / register in which payments made at counter are recorded.
Book showing every day payments over counter.
A register / book maintained to record receipts at counter on daily basis.
Book showing every day receipts over counter.
A daily record of events.
The time period between which work is conducted on a day.
Process of borrowing by bank on daily basis to ease liquidity problem.
A note submitted every day.
A note submitted every day.
Labour engaged on daily wages basis.
Register which is maintained on daily basis.
A formal written account submitted daily.
Regular habitual items of work to be performed daily.
A list of accounting details prepare daily.
A piece of paper prepared in daily banks.
A piece of paper prepared in daily banks.
Amount of wage paid for a day.
Labourers engaged on daily basis remuneration.
Labourers engaged on daily basis remuneration.
Payment of wages that is made to the workers engaged on daily basis.
a building where milk is collected, purified and sailed
It is a profession for rearing milch animals such as cows, buffaloes for production of milk.
A raised platform.
A book (register) where sent letters are entered.
A rest house for Government officials.
A process of sending letter.
A container where letters letters to be sent or received are kept.
Trees found in tropics which bear oinnate leaves and flowers in the form of clusters and commercially grown for its timber.
Loss or impairing the value of something.
Act carried to harm or destroy something.
A type of allowance paid for damages.
A request for compensating the loss suffered or damage.
Which is impaired.
Which is impaired or below the required standard.
Sum claimed in compensation for loss.
An extent to which crops are damaged wherein cost of control is more than economic loss.
Which has been obstructed.
Which tend to come down or decrease.
a confused or shocked evidence
The money which is earned for undertaking a work full of danger.
Drugs which are full of danger.
a deep color of solution or substance
not receiving, reflecting, transmiting light
a room with no light
A development process taking place in species or organisms which aids them in competing and survival. {
Numerical information.
Facts collected for study or discussions.
a factual information
It is an application program interface which is available with Microsoft 's Visual Basic. This allows a programmer request access to a Microsoft Access database.
Data acquisition computer is the system which helps in the process of data acquisition.
Such any process in which information is collected and expressed in a summary form, for purposes such as statistical analysis.
A detailed examination of the information compiled.
It is the science of examining raw data with the purpose of drawing conclusions about that information.
In computer science, data array means collection of elements i. e. values or variables, each identified by one or more integer indices.
Such all data in computer storage while excluding data which is traversing a network or temporarily residing in computer memory to be read or updated.
Data auditing is a method of profilingthe data and assessing the impact ofpoor quality dataon the performance and profits of an enterprises.
Such products and services which ensures continues availablity of data at a required level of performance in situations ranging from normal through "disastrous."
The large amount of data available / stored in a system, which one can use according to his requirement.
A person who generally directs or performs all activities related to maintaining a successful database environment is database administator.
In database systems, a database consistency is one that does not violate any integrity constraints during its execution.
Sometimes just called a database manager, is a program using which one or more computer users create and access data in a database.
Database management system is a computer software which has been developed for the purpose of managing databases i. e. organization, storage, retrieval, security and integrity of data in a database.
It is systematic approach which is used for collecting, consolidation, and processing of consumer data for customers and potential customers.
A reservoir for centralized storage of information about objects or people.
It is a process for frequent copying data electronicaly from a database in one computer or server to a database in another so that informations could be shared by all users the same level.
A process which allows an Internet user to manipulate Web page elements using a Web browser.
In computer architecture, a bus is a subsystem that transfers data between computer components inside a computer or between computers.
Any removable computer component, similar to the size of a credit card, which contains data, or contains nonvolatile memory to which data can be written and from which data can be recovered.
Data categorization is the classification of data for its most effective and efficient use.
A centralized reservoir, either physical or virtual, for the storage, management, and dissemination of data and information organized around a particular body of knowledge or pertaining to a particular business.
A cooling plant which is used in a data center to remove heat from one element and deposit it into another element.
A data format and model for exchanging information that describes a data center environment which is based on Extensible Markup Language (XML).
Data center services is a collective term used for the supporting components necessary for the proper operation of a repository for storage, management and dissemination of data organized around a body of knowledge or pertaining to an enterprise.
A process of amending or removing data in a database which found incorrect, incomplete, improperly formatted, or duplicated unnecessarily.
The process of collecting data / information.
A deterioration of computer data is called data corruption which accurs as a result of some external agent.
A data decryption IC is a specialized integrated circuit (IC) which decrypts incoming data.
A method which is used for reducing storage needs by eliminating redundant data.
A collection of defination / descriptions of the data objects or items in a data model for the benefit and use of programmers and others who need to refer these.
It is a data mining practice in which large volumes of data are analyzed seeking any possible relationships between different type of data.
It is a specialized integrated circuit (IC) which encrypts outgoing data and decrypts incoming data.
A data encryption IC is a specialized integrated circuit (IC) which encrypts outcoming data.
Such an equipment / a machine (generally a computer) which can be used for entering / storing the data.
Data extraction is a method by which a computer program extracts Data from the display output of another program.
In data processing, a file is a related collection of records.
A process of amending or removing data in a database that is incorrect, incomplete, improperly formatted, or duplicated.
It is an interactive device, resembling a glove worn on the hand, which facilitates tactile sensing and fine - motion control in robotics and virtual reality
A concept refers to the overall management of the availability, usability, integrity, and security of the data employed in an enterprise.
It is a characteristic of object - oriented programming.
It is a process of consolidating and managing customer information from all available sources, which includes contact details, customer valuation data, and information collected through interactions such as direct marketing.
As per terms of data and network security, Integrity is the assurance that information can only be accessed or modified by those authorized to do so.
A policy - based approach which is used for managing the flow of an information system 's data throughout its life cycle from creation and initial storage to the time when it becomes obsolete and is deleted.
The service provided by the data link layer of function defined in the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model for network communication.
The protocol layer in a program which handles the moving of data in and out across a physical link in a network.
It is a concept which is used to develop and execute architectures, policies, practices and procedures in order to manage the information lifecycle needs of an enterprise in an effective manner.
This is a computer language used by computer programs and database users to retrieve, insert, delete and update data in a database.
It is a reservoir of data collected from operational data and other sources which has been designed to serve a particular community of knowledge workers.
It is an act which is prformed to sorting through data to identify patterns and establish relationships.
Data modem is an external device or internal electronic circuitry which is used to transmit and receive digital data over a communication line, it is normally used for analog signals
Data multiplexer is the multiplexer which facilitates two or more data sources to share a common transmission medium.
Data navigation means transfer of data from one place to other.
Data network is such network wherein data circuits and possibly switching facilities enable data communication among data terminal equipments.
In computer science, data origination means the conversion of data from its original form to one which can be read by a computer.
Data privacy can be accessed only by the defined methods.
The process of handling data by using a computer, or to analyse the information.
Data redundancy has one disadvantage that it increases the size of the database unnecessarily.
It is a well organised service in which stored or archived data is duplicated in real time over a storage area network (SAN).
A component of an enterprise 's knowledge management system where knowledge is developed, stored, organized, processed, and disseminated.
A component of an enterprise 's knowledge management system where knowledge is developed, stored, organized, processed, and disseminated.
A process of amending or removing data in a database that is incorrect, incomplete, improperly formatted, or duplicated.
In an IBM mainframe operating system, a data set is a named collection of data which contains individual data units organized (formatted) in a specific IBM - prescribed way and accessed by a specific access method based on the data set organization.
Piece of paper which contains material / data.
A data structure containing the information about a specific database which an Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) driver needs in order to connect to it.
An approach to protect sensitive data by encrypting the data and storing in a different portions of a file on different servers.
It is process of transfering of data at a steady high - speed rate sufficient to support such applications as high - definition television (HDTV) or the continuous backup copying to a storage medium of the data flow within a computer.
A specialized format which is developed for organizing and storing data.
A small box wherein four devices can be hooked up from one PC serial or parallel port on a computer.
A narrowband wireless network service which has been started as a joint venture between Motorola and IBM for use with two - way pagers and personal digital assistants.
A set of data with values having predefined characteristics in a programming language is known as data type.
A central reservoir for all or significant parts of the data which are collected by an enterprise 's various business systems.
Precise day of a month.
Precise day of a month.
Precise day of a month.
Marked with a date.
Marked with a date.
Such long term debt instruments issued by government indicating a definite maturity period.
Signature which is made along the date.
Date of reaching.
Date on which somebody is born.
Date of starting out.
Date of taking out (money).
The date in which becomes payable.
A plant having feathery leaves and which bear a bunch of dates.
Stamp that records date.
A date which is before the actual date.
When the policy of insurance is made effective from a retrospective date.
The terms which are made applicable in extending credit beyond stipulated period.
It is a development state whereby larva can survive adverse conditions.
The outcome of cell division during meiosis or mitosis.
A new colony being formed on the surface of existing colony and having different features.
Is an outcome of radioactive decay of parent nuclide.
Day after presentation is done (a term used in
An account book in which transaction of a day are recorded.
Day book which contain columns for different heads.
dreams seen in day time
An unskilled labourer hired by the day.
An unskilled labourer hired by the day.
The position which is open and known fact for the day in respect for foreign exchange.
The limit to be observed in daily transactions relating to foreign exchange.
A loan extended for overnight or against the instruments in clearing (Generally by banks to each other).
A loan extended for overnight or against the instruments in clearing (Generally by banks to each other).
Days which are coming after the date indicated.
Those who do not stay where they study.
Group working during day time.
Days allowed after the expiry of indicated date of payment.
The business which is routine and done everyday.
The entire DCS is connected by networks for communication and monitoring.
1. A packet network formed in 1983 of ARPANET users in European and Pacific Rim continents. 2. An Internet - based global communications network created by the U. S. Department of Defense.
Account which is not in operation.
Card which is expired and of no use.
A terminology used in share market which shows that price of bottom - line shares is showing some improvement.
Center which is not operating.
Debt / Loan which has not proved beneficial and is a burden now.
Closed end of the side lane.
Engine which is not working.
The freight which has gone waste or could not be recovered.
Those who are oppressive with limited means of income.
The death of leaves in center of plant.
Such goods which are not been sold or have become non - marketable.
A time limit by which something has to be done.
A loan which may not be recoverable.
A situation where no progress can be made.
When everything is lost.
Register which is no longer in use.
Amount of sent that cannot be reduced.
Such security which cannot be realised.
a cavity, potential or real, remaining after the closure of a wound that is not obliterated by the operative technique;
Stock which is not in use.
Articles / items like furniture which are used in office.
A register maintained for keeping record of dead stock articles.
The total inert mass.
The total inert mass.
The debt which is not covered by asset.
Total weight carried on a ship.
a deaf man who can 't speak
a person unable to hear
Business transaction.
Behave in a way towards a person.
To take action.
A person dealing in good.
A person dealing in good.
One who sells goods in small quantity to customers.
Licence which has been granted / issued for conducting trading activities.
One who sells goods in large quantities.
Conduct of a person.
Conduct of a person.
A person who assists in conduct of business.
Just and impartial treatment.
Person who deals with something.
Trade relations.
A person 's conduct.
Dealings which are not fair.
Transaction relating to foreign exchange.
Transaction relating to money which are conducted directly or through middle man.
A feature of some vendors' channel programs wherein a channel partner, often a VAR (value - added reseller) or SI (systems integrator), informs the vendor about a lead and is given priority for it
A course that costs more.
Such type of money which can be borrowed at a high cost.
Such type of money which can be borrowed at a high cost.
Such type of money which can be borrowed at a high cost.
A type of allowance paid with reference to cost of living.
A type of allowance paid with reference to cost of living.
A type of pay related to high price.
Amount provided to provide to meet high price.
the end of the life
The yearly return of the death event.
Financial gains which are made available to the family of the deceased.
vital record, signed by a licensed physician or other designated authority, that includes cause of death,
A type of benefit available to employees on death or on retirement.
Such gratuity benefits which are available to an employee who dies during service and is entitled for retirement benefits also.
A type of benefit available to employees on death or on retirement.
A tax levied on property after death of the owner to be paid by inheritors.
the percentage of death in a population in specefic period
an abnormal, snoring sound at the end of life
To bar from entering.
To bar from entering.
The act of debarring.
To lower the quality by mixing lower value metal.
A coin when its value depreciate by alloying.
Currency which depreciate in purity in alloying etc.
Such currency which is not pure but has some fault / defect.
A certificate acknowledgeing indebtness usually having a share on the assets of the issuer.
A hearer debenture is an instrument title of which can be passed by mere delivery.
A bond of a company acknowledging debt.
A book maintained for debenture calls.
Capital collected through issuance of debenture.
Who has been authorised to subscribe a debenture.
The holder of a debenture.
The holder of a debenture.
Interest paid on debenture.
Book detailing interest paid on debentures.
A debenture with no date of payment.
Debentures issued at a price below nominal value.
Debentures issued at nominal value.
Debentures issued at more than nominal value.
Loan obained against debenture.
Debenture which has been mortgaged.
Debenture with no date of payment.
A debenture that is payable at a certain date.
A fund created to retire / redeem debentures (exchange debenture for money) on maturity.
Repayment of debenture.
A debenture which is registered.
To reissue the debenture.
A debenture not accompanied by any security.
A debenture that is expressed as part of total debt.
Debenture which is for a limited period.
A register where transfer of debentures is recorded.
A legal document that contain covenants for duties, rights and obligations of different parties to the issue of debentures.
made weaken
An entry of debt recorded in an account.
To record in entry in debit side of an account.
That can be debited.
An entry when posted by a seller to the account of buyer in debit side reflecting that buyer has to pay that money.
An intimation regarding debit entry.
An intimation regarding debit entry.
An entry in a account showing money owed.
The debit side in an account means that he owes a certain sum of money.
Which has been entered to debit side of the account.
Which has been shown in debit side.
An intimation of debit raised.
The side of the account representing debit entries.
A note / document that confirms or explains an entry in debit side of an account.
a method of removal bridge in the wound
the removal of lacerated, contamineted, dead tissue in the wound
Something owed to another.
An accounting recording transaction relating to debt (loan / overdraft etc.).
The balance amount under loan account that is yet to be repaid.
Such amount which is required to be paid by the borrower to the bank for providing loan related services.
Recovery of outstanding loan amount.
Settlement of loan through mutual agreement.
Such funds which have the effect of debt.
A head of account (in bank) detailing deposit of debt through remittance.
To repay a liability with some discount.
A creditor who has provided loan facilities.
Certain standards prescribed to maintain debt equity ratio.
This is a financial ratio used for assessing the promoters stake (equity) in comparison to the debts.
A debt that is renewed continuously.
A summary of debt head.
A situation where a person is living a debt free life, does not owe to anybody.
Limit within which borrowings are permissible.
A technique of managing debt.
The process of financing government expenditure.
The amount of loan which is still not paid finally.
One who owes a debt to another.
One who owes a debt to another.
A country which is indebted to another country.
Ability or position of the borrower (with reference to loan payment).
The ledger where transactions of the debtor are recorded in the account.
A ledger containing details of debtors.
Debtors who have obtained loan on current account.
Head where debtors have not been individually.
Debtors for purchase of goods or services.
The act of repaying the loan completely.
When a charge levied on redemption of debt (generally when loan repaid before maturity).
A scheme connected with debt redemption.
This is a process of obtaining refinance from higher financing agency for the loans already disbursed.
Such measures which are taken or announced to provide relief (assistance) to the borrowers.
Altering the schedule of repayment of loan.
The act of disowning the debt.
When the repayment period of loan is spread over a longer period.
When the repayment period of loan is spread over a longer period.
The process of rearranging loan facility.
A farmer who is burdened with excessive loan
The classification of debts which may good for recovery or non recoverable or may be doubtful to recover.
The capacity to repay the loan or discharge liabilities or obligation generated by surplus cash earnings.
Act of providing service to debt.
Payement relating to debt servicing.
A situation where it becomes extremely difficult to come out from debt obligations.
A short term Governement debt.
An organisation responsible for the promotion and coordination of the open university and distance education system and for determination of its standards in India. The Council was constituted under the Indira Gandhi National Open University Act (1985).
careful pouring of upper clear portion of a liquid leaving sediment behind.
A process where by two different liquids are seperated using a device so that precipitate remains at the bottom.
to cut the head off
act of cutting off the head
destruction of tooth leading to formation of dental caries
Person who has deposit account with the bank but is no more.
An account holder who has drawn / issued a cheque but is no more now.
Quality of being descent.
When capital is being raised from different sources or deployed in different sectors.
Loan which has been obtained from different resources.
The process of transfer of power from one entity to other smaller entities.
Items that have been decentralised.
The loan which is being managed by different units instead of one.
The market which is functioning in disperse form and not centralised.
Transfer of power from one center to other units.
to eliminate the functions of cerebrum generally by removing it
a unit used to express the intensity or loudness of sound
term for innermost layer of the wall of uterus during pregnancy
A type of vegetation which sheds its leaves during a particular season.
a system in which a number is written using ten as the base
A system of coinage which is based or measured on number ten and reckoned in its units.
In context of computer science, decimal notation means representation of the number in decimal format from any format i. e. binary, BCD etc.
A system of numbers / measurement treating unit as ten.
Decoding of the secret language.
A decision that is conclusive.
Process of deciding.
A body which is connected with the task of deciding something.
A load bearing from beam supporting deck.
A bridge that can be folded.
A person who makes a declaration with full confidence and belief.
An act of announcing something.
A form that contains declaration.
A declaration made to maintain observe loyalty / reliability and secrecy.
A declaration made to declare that someone is eligible to hold shares of some company.
An act of declaring attributes for share.
A declaration to the effect that one is able to pay all its debts.
In computer science, declarative language is a non procedural language which expresses the logic of computation without any control flow.
To announce something formally.
A person or a company who has been pronounced under process of law that he / it is unable to pay his / its debts and discharge his / its liabilities.
A pronounced rate on which valuation of something has to be conducted.
One who has been pronounced for not being eligible for something.
To announce something by taking oath.
The act of declaring value of something formally.
To refuse to accept or do something.
A market where prices are coming down.
A price of something which is coming down continuously.
prepartion made by boiling raw medicinal plants
boiling of raw medicinal plants for extraction of their medicinal properties
Converting from code to plain.
act of removal of the colour of something
inability of an organ to maintain its function
Organisms survivng on dead organisms or organic substances.
a procedure in surgery to remove pressure on any part or organ of the body
decayed
To rescind the approval already made.
act of relieving the congestion
To release from control.
Act of conferring an honour.
Behaviour that is required by politeness.
Act of making smaller.
Amount by which a thing has diminished.
Which is coming down constantly.
Cost of something which is coming down.
When desire of consumers for purchasing a commodity is coming down.
An order of the court having force of law.
The judgement of a court.
A person in whose favour decree has been issued for receiving / recovering debt from someone / debtor.
A person in whose favour decree has been issued for receiving / recovering debt from someone / debtor.
A provisional order made absolute unless cause to the contrary is shown within a period fixed under the order.
A provisional order made absolute unless cause to the contrary is shown within a period fixed under the order.
A person who is entrusted with the job of writing decree.
A state of absent mandibles during its pupal state.
specific position of the patient in bed
A pair of leaves which arranged along the stem and at right angles with respect to leaves on top or botom.
Whole hearted devotion.
Withhold or take away something.
Which can be deducted from the amount of amount being paid.
Enteries which have effect of substraction.
The act of deducting.
The act of deducting.
To deduct while making payment.
Register maintained for recording deduction.
Act of deducting refunds.
A legal contract or document.
A document while into an agreement.
A deed relating to transfer of property.
A set of rules and regulations for the internal management of the affairs of a company prepared at the time of its formation.
A document relating to contract.
A deed pertaining to lease.
A deed pertaining mortgage.
A deed pertaining to partnership.
A contract for supply of goods for payment as agreed, within a time frame.
A mutual agreement arrived at to settle debt liability when reduced in writing.
A written document transferring ownership of securities from one person to another.
A supposed university.
extending well inward from the surface
In context of computer science, deep code is a program source code that contains the exclusive algorithm.
When capital becomes more intense.
Market which is in sound and healthy position.
To spoil the appearnce.
Such notes and coins which are spoilt in appearance and not fit for circulation.
Existing in fact.
Existing in fact.
voiding of bodily wastes through anus
elimination of feces through anus
Misappropriation of funds.
Misappropriation of money.
Money that has been lost on account of misappropriation and business transactions.
Losses on account of misappropriation.
Misappropriation of public funds.
Act of defaming.
Failure to fulfil an obligation.
Such an account where due amount has not been repaid in time on scheduled date.
The amount which has not been repaid on time on due date.
A person who has defaulted.
An account where repayments are not being received on due date.
A section (of office) looking after cases of default.
When the loan amount is not repaid on due date.
When loan instalments have not been paid by due date - fixed.
A contract in which one party agrees to pay the other party a fixed periodic payment, when the other party agrees to compensate the first party in the event of certain credit default.
an imperfection or shortcoming
One that is having flaw.
Budgeting that has some flaw.
Control having some flaw.
A note which is imperfect or incomplete in any respect.
The formulation of a scheme which is not perfect and contains some flaw.
Title having some flaw.
Any liability arising on account of defect in the product during a certain period.
In context of computer science, defect table is such a table which contains the information about the bad sectors of the hard disk.
An act of defending.
Defending a case in law suit (against complaint).
resistance or protection from disease
Accounts maintained for defence (forces).
A fund that has been created to provide a defensive cover.
Items produced for use of defence.
People engaged in defence forces.
Provident fund created for defence service officers.
Person against whom case has been filed in law court.
1. A packet network formed in 1983 of ARPANET users in European and Pacific Rim continents. 2. An Internet - based global communications network created by the U. S. Department of Defense.
Put off to a later time.
The act of delaying something for a later date.
Which has been postponed.
Annuity payment of which has been deffered.
Any item of asset having economic value when prepaid is a deferred asset.
Bond payment of which has been postponed.
Payment for goods which are yet to be delivered.
a creditor whose payment has been put of.
The dividend payment of which has been postponed / put off.
Where items of expenditure paid in advance and carried over to subsequent accounting period.
Such an indent which has been postponed to a next period.
A non - fund based facility issued by a bank on behalf of its customers for purchase of fixed assets in favour of the supplier assuring him for payment.
Such import - export deals (transactions) for which payment is not made immediately but is postponed for a future date agreed.
A rebate that will be available at a later date.
Such amount or bills payment of which are to be received but has been postponed for a future date.
Such part of expenditure which is usually charged to the profit and loss account but has been taken to next accounting year being paid in advance for a longer period.
Such shares which are issued on the condition that dividend on these shares will be paid only when dividend on ordinary shares has reached at an indicated limit.
A share of stock that receives no right to company 's capital.
Stock (shares) sale of which has been postponed.
abatement or decrease in fever
The act of delying (refuse to obey).
Something lacking.
Something lacking.
inadequacy or shortage
lack or shortage
Account depicting deficiency.
An appropriation that is made to meet the deficiency.
a disease generally caused by inadequacy of a specific nuterient
Lack of money required to run business.
Something lacking in the services rendered.
A payment towards meeting deficiency.
lacking in something
When effective control on use of credit has not been exercised.
Excess of expenditure over earnings.
Area where resources are not sufficient to meet the needs.
Budget that shows excess of estimated expenditure over the estimated income (revenue).
Districts where scarcity is a common feature due to various reasons.
When funds are raised by government to meet the shortfall in revenue over expenditure in annual budget through borrowing.
When the reason for inflation is seen as a link to deficit (financing).
To determine the scope.
To give exact meaning of.
Bond which is not subject to change and is final.
Is a parsitic host where parasites grow and even reproduce.
The process of reducing inflated prices.
When there is decline in the price of goods and services.
A gap between Gross Domestic Product and the potential output of the economy.
When value of currency is showing decline.
When price index is coming down.
Factors which contribute towards deflation.
ruputre of hymen generally due to sexual intercourse
A organism or insect which tends to destroy the plant leaves.
disfigurement or a bodily malformation
To take away something by fraud.
To provide money for paying for something.
The company which not functioning.
A company or partnership which is no longer functioning.
An institution which is lifeless or not functioning.
To refuse to obey.
In context of electronics, degausser is such a device which removes the unwanted magnetism.
progressive deterioration of specific tissue or organ accompanied by loss of function
A state wherein organic compounds or living organisms are reduced to simpler compounds.
A unit of measurement.
Honorary official rank.
An academic title.
College upto graduation level.
The stage of being worth of belief - how much one can be trusted.
Such type of taxation rates or amount of which is being successive - lowered.
The system of levying tax where rates of tax or amount are successively coming down.
A nuatural process which bursts open fruits or other tissues like fruit to release pores or seeds.
Anthers or fruits opening naturally to release seeds.
abnormal reduction in the water content of the body
An enzyme which aids the process of hydrogen removal from biological compounds.
In context of signal and systems, deinterlacing refers to the process of converting an interlaced image to a progressive scan image.
Organs resembling pores which are normally paired and present in many Tylenchoidea close to the nerve ring.
Delay distortion is an unwanted modification of a transmitted signal.
action which is postponed or done at a later time or which is very slow
labour which is taking much more time than expected
The payment which has not been made on time or has been delayed.
Proposal that has been received late and not within a stipulated date.
Tenders which have been delayed.
Delay in settlement.
Sorry for delay.
Delay which is inenvitable.
A report for delay.
A member of a deputation.
To transfer for power or duties to another as representative.
Authority that has been delegated (entrusted).
Responsibility that has been delegated (entursted).
A body of delegates.
The process of delegating.
Act of transfering powers to another.
To strike at something.
Act of deleting (from written).
Which has been done with intention.
Discussion covering points for and against.
Act to cancel the licence.
To remove from the provisions of licence.
A plan formulated to stop the licencing system.
The process of fixing boundries.
A tendency of commit offences.
a person who has failed to do what law requires
A company which is guilty of a minor crime or a misdeed.
An official guilty of misdeed.
A tax which is overdue for payment.
a state of mental disturbance characterized by confusion, disordered thinking and speech, and hallucinations
an altered state of consciousness characterized by mental confusion, hallucinations, hyperactivity, and defects of memory and thinking
To give birth to.
Act of delivering.
The price which is quoted for home delivery of the goods.
Act of delivering.
process of giving birth to a child
Book in which details of items delivered are recorded.
When delivery is made on the sales happening at exact time.
Order which has been received for delivery.
a persistent false belief held inspite of contrary evidences.
Which people ask for.
Such liabilities which are to be met on demand or after an stipulated period.
A bill of exchange payable on demand.
A bill of exchange payable on demand.
In context of software engineering, demand chain management means the management of upstream and downstream relationships between suppliers and customers to deliver the best value to the customer at the least cost to the demand chain as a whole.
A register maintained in a bank that shows the position of amount required to be paid, recovered against this and the balance remained unpaid by a borrower.
To lure the customers to buy.
A graphic depiction of demand schedule.
Funds which are repayable on demand or at a short notice.
In context of computing, demand dial routing is such a technique thereby a host or router automatically initiate a dial - up connection over an regular public switched telephone network line when network access is needed, and close the connection when no more data needs to be transmitted or received.
A draft drawn by a bank on itself or a correspondent payable on demand.
An account which is maintained to record entries of demand drafts returned.
Such amount which is requested to the government for giving as help.
Request for receiving subsidy (grants).
The money that is likely to be required.
Changes in rates of return that influence the aggregate level of demand.
A bill of exchange which is payable at sight or on demand.
Market which requires lot of attention or making rigours demands.
Demand that cannot be avoided.
A letter asking for making payment for the amount due.
Liabilities which are to be met as and when due or demanded.
A demand loan is an advance granted by a bank for a fixed amount and is repayable when demanded.
An account in the books of the creditor (bank) for recording transactions in the demand loan.
Note that details demand.
A notice raising demand.
A written request for providing credit facilities (loan etc.).
Price of something which is expected.
It is an instrument in writing containing an unconditional undertaking signed by the maker to pay a certain sum of money on demand.
When demand for goods and services is more than the supply the price of such goods / services tend to increase i. e. inflation caused by increase in demand.
Higher short term rates caused by more demand for money.
Register containing details of demand.
A list of items which are in demand.
Notice issued regarding demands.
A small written note requisitioning something.
Demands which is Additional.
A long distance telephone call on demand.
Act to determine and mark the boundries.
dinstinction or separation
A dispute involving determination of boundaries / work between two or more parties.
A process through which trading in stocks / shares / bonds etc. is done without physical handling the securities through a depository.
A process through which trading in stocks / shares / bonds etc. is done without physical handling the securities through a depository.
Such bonds which have been / are being issued in dematerialised form and not in physical form.
Such bonds which have been / are being issued in dematerialised form and not in physical form.
Which (securities / shares etc.) are not kept / maintained in physical form but in electronic form with a depository.
Which (securities / shares etc.) are not kept / maintained in physical form but in electronic form with a depository.
Such securities which have been converted into dematerialised form or their dematerialisation has been made compulsory.
Such securities which have been converted into dematerialised form or their dematerialisation has been made compulsory.
a decline in intellectual functioning, including problems with memory, reasoning and thinking, generally due to disease of brain.
Which is partly official.
Letter which is partly official.
Letter which is partly official.
Such a letter which is not a routine official letter but has a personal touch.
Favouring social equality where people have say.
Withdrawal from use as currency.
Exhibiting the work done.
act or process of showing, displaying or making something evident
The effect generated by exhibiting or explaining something.
Lessening the morale.
a type of urticaria in which pressure or friction on the skin causes hives
In context of computer science, demoscene refers to such a worldwide non - commercial computer art subculture which specializes itself on creating demos, executable programs those produce computer graphics and music in real - time.
a substance, generally mucilaginous, which soothes and reduces irritation particulary of mucous membrane.
Extra changes payable on taking late delivery of goods.
Extra changes payable on taking late delivery of goods.
The process by which a customer based organisation (like co operative society) changes its legal form to a joint stock company.
To remove from public ownership to private ownership.
to change or to modify the structure especially of proteins along with decline or elimination of original properties
In a tree trunk represents the ancestor and its later branches resemble the descendants i. e Geological tree.
A process carried out on plants to prevent their conflict with nematodes.
loss or interruption of nerve supply to a body part
The act of refusing to accept.
The act of refusing to accept.
In context of computer science, Denial of service Attack refers to such an attack on a network by a hacker of cracker, which floods it with so many additional requests those slow down regular traffic or completely interrupted.
development of teeth and their particular arrangement in mouth
A particular religions body.
A class of unit within currency / money.
Shares belonging to a particular category according to the value printed on them.
The value of a coin or note printed on it.
The value of coin or note in Indian rupee.
The printed price of the security.
The type of class of currency according to its printed price which is in circulation.
The act of classification according to value of something.
This term is used for the part of a fraction which is below the line and functions as the divisor of the numerator.
Withdrawing or cancelling a formal notice issued earlier.
In fiber - optic communications, dense wavelength division multiplexing is a technology of multiplexing the multiple carrier signal on a single optical fibre.
A physical or non living factor such as ph, weather, soil etc.
A physical or non living factor such as ph, weather, soil etc.
The degree of population crowded together in a given area (numerically).
of or related to teeth
cavities or holes in the teeth caused by destruction of teeth by some bacteria
the connective tissue that encloses the developing tooth
Organisms which show tooth like growth.
Organisms which show tooth like growth.
A ridge found on the external body covering of arthropods which is pointed in nature.
Having projections on one of its side and resembling a saw.
a dense calcareous substance beneath the enamel which forms the major portion of teeth
a qualified person who can diagnose and treat diseases or malformations of teeth and gums
a removable artificial set of teeth that can be fitted in mouth
To refuse to accept / disown.
The process of freeing from liability or removing the liability.
a substance applied to skin to mask the unpleasant body odour
An acid found in organisms which has genetic information.
To die.
A person who is no more.
A separate of an office.
particular division of an organization with a specific responsibility
Related to a department.
Account related to a department.
Authority responsible for maintaining accounts of a department.
Accounts related to a particular department in an organisation.
A process initiated in the department.
Responsibility of the office.
Enquiry being conducted by the department.
Inspection of the department.
Labour attached to the department.
Library established in the department.
Order issued by the department.
Punishment imposed by the department.
Permission which is granted by the department.
Discussions in the conference of the department.
Promotions in the department.
A committee constituted for deciding promotions in the department.
An eligibility test for the department.
Governmental order prescribing rules for the department.
A large store selling many kind of things under one roof.
Audit of books of accounts of the departmental store.
department that deals with treatment or prevention of diseases or injuries of bones, joints or muscles.
Starting out.
To proceed in a different direction.
One who relies on another person for financial or other support.
Who depend on others.
Children who depend for support on their parents.
removal of hair
state of abnormal reduction in the amount of a substance which is essential for body
The balance which has come down substantially.
The stock of money or money resources which has come down substantially.
The state of exhausation in the amount set aside for future are out of profits by a business entity.
Cause to spread out (troops).
To bring into effective action.
Person who gives evidence under oath.
To be cause to be reduced in population.
Act of expelling from the country.
Act of expelling from the country.
To give evidence in a court of law on oath.
To give evidence in a court of law on oath.
To entrust for keeping safe (generally to a financial institution).
To entrust for keeping safe (generally to a financial institution).
an abnormal accumulation of certain substance in a tissue
A process by which gravel or sendiments get collected.
An account opened with the bank for depositing money.
When something is added to the deposit amount.
The type of deposit which is required to be paid on call.
A receipt in evidence of deposit.
The banking that covers the deposit part of banking.
An instrument relating to deposit.
Book where deposit are recorded.
Amount that has been deposited in cash.
A type of deposit account in banks.
Amount required to be kept with for confirming executing the contract.
A cheque which has been deposit in bank (for collection).
Person who deposit money.
The condition of being eroded in deposits.
The condition of being eroded in deposits.
Deposit that is kept payable after a fixed time in future.
Insuring deposits with the bank to protect interest of the depositors (largely the small depositors).
Such a deposit whose date of payment is already over.
A book (ledger) which . In deposit are maintained.
Liabilities arising out of deposits received.
Deposits which are not recorded under a specific group.
Different type of deposits that make deposit portfolio of a bank.
Efforts made to mobilise deposits.
Amount that has been deposited.
Person who deposit money.
Such accounts where deposit is the focus.
A book maintained by bank for recording transactions in deposit accounts.
A place for safe keeping of things.
Deposit made in personal capacity.
Possibility of developing deposit.
The amount of insurance premium required to be paid for deposit.
The rates of interests which a bank allows / pay on different type of deposits.
Receipt is taken of having received deposit amount.
A register where deposit accounts are maintained.
A register detailing miscellaneous deposits.
More than one deposit.
Such deposits which are payable on short notice.
A type of deposit with easy withdrawl facility.
Such type of deposits generally opened by class of people who want to save part of their income. Such deposits may be of small amounts with limited operations.
A scheme formulated by the bank for mobilising deposits.
A small sheet of paper (printed one) used for depositing money in a bank account.
Entrusting of goods for deposit.
Payment of deposits which have lapsed.
Deposit derived from any income source.
The amount of total transactions in deposit accounts in a given period.
A written document attesting deposit.
a place for storage
a place in the body where something is stored for some duration
Shifting of a depot.
Such assets which depreciate in value over a period of time.
Which became lower in value over a period of time.
The value which is calculated after taking into account the depreciation.
A decrease in the value.
A decrease in the value.
The amount of depreciation charged to Profit and Loss account each year and credited to a account.
A term denoting allowance for depreciation.
Such charges which are debited but do not involve cash but are in form of provisioning like depreciation.
To arrive at the amount of depreciation by revaluating of asset.
A charge relating to depreciation.
A charge relating to depreciation.
Such amount which is charged to Profit and Loss account as depreciation.
The charges which are required to be debited as depreciation.
Depreciation on account of outside factors.
A fund created out of annual profits and credited to a fund (account) to be used for replenishment of the asset.
An account for investment of depreciation.
System for calculating depreciation fund.
Depreciation on account of inside factors.
When supply of money exceeds demand its value come down causing depreciation on its value.
An amount retained to produce for depreciation.
Register recording depreciation details.
The depreciation reserve is the amount charged to Profit and Loss account each year and credited to a separate account as reserve.
A fund created to produce for depreciation.
Schedule showing multiplication of depreciation.
Group of persons living under dispirited conditions.
Period of financial and industrial decline.
decline in function
an area or place which is hollow or sunken
a mental state marked by feelings of sadness, hopelessness or loneliness
Period when transaction in trade are diminshing.
Debar from enjoying the benefit of something.
Department looking after provident fund.
To assign a task as a person.
A group of people appointed to represent others.
Allowance that is admissible in deputation.
An allowance payable for performing deputation duties.
Person who has been deputed.
A person appointed to act for another.
disturbance in the normal function or structure of a body part
Remove part or all of the burden of rates.
Remove burden on rates (taxes).
In context of programming language, dereference is the pointer to the variable, which gives the memory location of the variable.
Removed from a register.
When direct intervention of government or central bank is removed from the process of interest rate fixation.
When direct intervention of government or central bank is removed from the process of interest rate fixation.
Removing government rules or control from certain type of activities / business.
Neglect of duty.
To return to the original owner.
To cancel the demand order.
Reversing the act of reservation.
The post which was reserved earlier when brought under dereserved category.
a substance produced from another substance
A deposit that arises directly from a loan from the financial institution.
Security that guarantees income for the investor.
A change that has occurred in an organism from its ancestral condition.
Demand which has been produced from other source.
Derived field is related to that field which is computed by the mining function and is based on source fields in the input data.
The value which is not original but has been inferred from other source.
of or related to skin or dermis
Property of pesticides to poison organisms when they come in contact with the skin.
Order of insects with leathery fore wing.
inflammation of skin
Layer of cells that divide and give rise to epidermis.
a qualified person who can diagnose and treat diseases related to skin
a branch of medicine that deals with skin and its diseases
area of skin supplied by single spinal nerve
an infection of the skin caused by fungus
any skin disease which is usually not associated with inflammation
a cystic tumour that contains skin and its appendages like hair
The act of depreciation (respect).
Which is insulting.
Remarks which are insulting.
A shrub or climber that spread by root suckers.
A person or thing descended from another.
A slope downwards.
a certificate given while relieving the patient from a hospital which consists of all the data regarding the patient 's disease and its treatment, followup, advice etc.
A written or spoken presentation of events.
An act of describing something.
Which is full of description.
Subject on matters relating to financial matters which is purely descriptive expressing no judgement.
List of names containing details.
reducation of sensitivity of the body to specific allergen or antigen
Showing qualities worthy of.
Showing qualities worthy of.
Person who fairly deserves for something.
Something that is needed but is not present or available.
A sketch of something to be done.
A sketch of something to be done.
To appoint to a position.
To appoint to a position.
The currency which has been selected / decided for transactions.
President who is to be appointed.
A defect related to design.
The action which is required to be initiated / taken.
A calender that is kept on desk.
Desktop enhancer refers to the efficacy which adds some non - standard ability to the user 's graphical interface.
A shrub of family Fabaceae that rotates its leaflets in accordance with sunlight.
The act of sending to a destination.
To send to a destination.
Person who is engaged is dispatching.
Direction relating to dispatch.
Memorandum that shows details of dispatch.
Money due from a ship owner to charterer if the charterer complete the work of loading or discharging before the lay time.
An official letter for dispatch
Register where details of ontward dak are recorded.
An utimate goal.
A place where a person thing a going.
Cost that will be at destination i. e. to include all expenses upto destination.
Without food shelter etc.
The act or process of being destroyed.
The process of destroying notes.
Competition that causes damage to the concerned parties.
To disconnect.
separation of a structure from related body part.
Particulars of an items.
Book where details are recorded.
Accounts which contain full details.
Such an audit which examines all facts available and comments on all.
Inspection that gives full details.
Particulars which provide detailed information.
Scheme (project) that contains full details.
A report which contains all the available facts on the matter.
Statement which provides full details.
An officer who has authority to detail.
To find out.
The act of detection.
The level of sample detected by any method or instrument.
A person who is expert in investigation of crimes.
A person who is expert in investigation of crimes.
Action of keeping someone in custody.
Charges levied for keeping in custody.
Action of detaining vessel.
A person detained in prison.
A person detained in prison.
Synthetic material for cleansing.
the process of becoming worse
The factors which are decisive.
The embryology in which the fate of the cell has been set in the embryonic development.
Firmness of purpose.
The act of determining income.
The process of deciding / determining price.
The process of deciding market price of an asset or commodity etc.
A deterministic process is the process whose behavior is non - deterministic, in that a system 's subsequent state is determined by both the process' s predictable actions and by a random element.
to neutralize or to remove a toxin or its effects from the body
Something causing harm.
That causes harm.
Any thing or action that goes against the interest of the depositors (of a bank or financial institution).
One of the nymphal stages found in mites.
The nutritive substances present in the cytoplasm that provides nutrition to the embryo.
Lowering of country 's currency in relation to other currencies.
Reducing the official value of currency through exchange rate at which a country 's currency is exchanged for another currency.
The act causing great destruction.
The country which has a bigger, systematic and complete econmy.
A country which is progressing economically steadily.
Such an economy which is rapidly progressing based on fundamental parameters.
Developing countries who have joined together to form a group for the common cause.
The process of becoming higher.
to progress from an earlier stage of life cycle to a later stage
Natural process of achieving growth or maturation
Continuous process of growing of an organism.
Allowance related to development.
Authority looking after development.
Demand leived for development.
Amount spend on development.
The system of farming where new techniques are being followed.
A fund created for financing developemental activities.
Fund meant for / created for undertaking developmental activities.
Subsidy or assistance which is available for undertaking development activities.
A fund which may cater to the requirement of loan for developmental purposes.
To formulate an outline of programme to ensure development.
A reserve that is created in respect of a machine or plant to avail of rebate which is available for such purposes.
Turn aside form an accepted course.
Deviation of course.
turning away from a normal course
An instrument for doing something.
Drawing a plan for some purpose.
an instrument used to perform particular action
The device enumeration is a component of a device driver which can communicates directly with the hardware device.
The DeviceNet is an industrial control network which is chiefly used in factory automation, its supports up to 64 nodes with data rates from 125 Kbps to 500 Kbps.
When the liability is thrust upon as a contractual requirement.
The process of passing on tax reserves to different entities.
Loyality or great love.
Loyality to duty.
condensed water droplets on a cool surface
location of the heart in the right side of the chest
DFD is used in structured analysis and design methods.
a disease characterized by abnormally high blood glucose levels generally due to insulin resistance or its deficiency
a complication of diabetes which includes death and decay of body tissues due to insufficient blood supply
a complication of diabetes which includes inflammation of nerve
a complication of diabetes which includes disorder of nerve
a complication of diabetes in which many nerves are affected
a factor from pituitary gland which affects insulin - producing cells of pancreas and causes permanent diabetes
United into two groups by the fusion of the filaments.
To identify a disease from symptoms.
determination or identification of a nature of disease
Identifying a disease on the basis of physical examination or diagnostic method.
the process of dignosing a particular disease, the symptoms of which are similar to other diseases
of or related to determination or identification of a disease
Graphic presentation of some process.
a drawing or design which represents an object
It is a pair of characters used to write one phoneme (distinct sound).
A stage of prophase during meiosis in which paired chromosomes gets shortened and thickened, nucleolus and nuclear envelope degenerate and spindle fibre is formed.
oral exchange of ideas.
a procedure for filteration and cleansing of blood using a machine, in a way similar to kindey function
Separation of substances in a solution from high concentration to low concentration through semipermeable membrane.
75th anniversary of an event.
The presence of two stamens in a flower.
Suspended action in which the growth of certain animal is arrested in respose to adverse environment condition.
a musculomembranous partition between thoracic and abdominal cavities which helps in respiration
The portion of a long bone that extends between the ends or extremities and formed from a primary center of ossification.
Enter in a diary.
To record events in the diary which have happened or which are planned for future date.
A book in which daily record of events is kept.
A register recording daily events.
Enzyme that converts starch to dextrin and maltose and are found in malt.
The period of the heartbeat when the atria and ventricles are relaxed and filled with blood.
The blood pressure measured when the atria and ventricles are relaxed and filled with blood.
The tendency of the body to become susceptible to a particular disease or abnormality.
Development of the terminal flower is followed by two other opposite flowering branches.
Cymule inflorescence in which terminal flower gives rise to two other opposite flowering branches.
In hermaphroditic organism, gender is expressed at different time to avoid self - fertilization.
Money market which is divided into two segments.
The formation of branches as a result of bifurcation of apical meristem.
Mode of branching by continuous splitting.
A flowering plant whose seeds possess two cotyledones.
A class of flowering plant whose seeds possess two cotyledones.
Act of saying words for the purpose of writing or recording.
In context of e - mail, Dictionary Attack refers to such an e - mail spamming method wherein the attacker sends out thousands or millions of e - mails with arbitrarily created addresses using combinations of letters added to find out domain names in the hopes of reaching a some percentage of actual e - mail addresses.
A book where words of reference in a language have been arranged alphabetically giving equivalent in other language.
Superorder, consisting of three orders - Isoptera, Blattaria and Mantodea which have short ovipositors.
An organelle in the plant cell which function to produce secretions.
Having two uterus.
Having four stamens grouped in two pairs which differ in length.
A disease of a plant caused by parasites, climate condition etc characterized by the dying backward from of tips of young shoot.
Such an allowance paid on daily basis when performing duty outside the place of posting.
Type of food that is usually taken.
The food which a person eat or consumes.
A type of allowance granted relating to diet.
A type of allowance granted relating to diet.
Relating to diet.
A systematic course of diet for healthy growth.
A diet which is balanced with all nutrients and fibre for healthy growth and activity of an individual.
Person who distributes articles of diet.
The history of an individual 's diet and its regulation.
Difference engine was an automatic, mechanical calculator consisting of rods and wheels, it was designed by charles babbage
In context of digital electronics, difference equation refers to that equation which expresses the relationship between the states.
Difference machine was an automatic, mechanical calculator consisting of rods and wheels, it was designed by charles babbage
Difference in charge for different categories.
A factor that measures property of something which has different amount.
The ratio of debt equity (share holders equity to total liability) which is not identical.
A systematic method of diagnosing a disease by identify unknowns.
Tax levied on different rates (same category of goods).
Rent that is recovered on variable rates.
Rate varying according to groups / circumstances.
A scheme operative since 1972 for lending to selected low income group beneficiaries at 4% rate of interest upto a ceiling of fixed amount as working capital and term loans.
Rate varying according to groups / circumstances.
Routes which shows difference.
A process in which cells becomes more specialized due to change in gene expression.
The process of physical exertion of a female by which the infant and placent is expelled through the vagina during parturition.
The state of being hard or difficult.
When the ownership is spread to many.
To absorb food in the stomach.
The process of breaking down of food into smaller biomolecules that can be absorbed by the body.
A process of break down of complex organic food into smaller component in gastrointestinal tract that can be absorbed in the blood stream.
Relating to substance or a system which aids in digestion of food.
The different kinds of fluids secreted by different digestive glands which aid in the process of digestion.
A long tubular structure extending from the mouth to the anus where digestion take place.
Brief summary collection of important cases.
One of the several fingers or toes.
A network device which is usually established at a telephone company central office, it receives signals from multiple customer Digital Subscriber Line connections and puts the signals on a high - speed backbone line using multiplexing techniques.
An edition (publication) which contains specialised language.
Showing dignity.
Person holding high office.
Worthiness of honour.
Worthiness of honour.
The act of deporting from main subject.
A cross between first generation offspring that are identically hybrid for two traits.
Notes which are in a condition of disrepair.
The process of expansion of a passage, canal, cavity or blood vessel or opening.
A muscle in the rectal valve that contract to close the valve.
The muscle in the buccal cavity.
The muscle in the vulva region that regulates the opening of the vagina.
Causing delay.
A situation where it is difficult to take a decision.
Steady and careful in his work.
Steady and careful in his work.
An agent that is used for dilution.
The process of lessening the strength of a solution.
Rate of flow of medium per unit volume of culture in the bioreactor.
The extent over which something extends.
This word is used for a third movement other than two degrees of freedom.
The size of the luggage.
Having two parts.
Becoming less or smaller.
Diminished radix complement is 1 less than the radix complement.
A system of calculation of reducing balance.
The productivity which becomes less or smaller and coming down continuously.
Where the profit (income) amount is declining continuously.
When yield on the investment is coming down continuously.
When condition of something being useful is coming down.
The act or instance of diminishing in the value of investments.
The presence of two distinct forms in same species that differ in one or more characteristics independent of the sex difference.
The presence of two form of same part in one plant.
A small natural depression in the cheek, chin, or sacral region due to developmental anomalies in the bone or connective tissue.
Meal taken in the night.
A social gathering at dinner.
These are electronic devices which restricts current flow mainly to one direction.
Having male and female reproductive organ in different individual of same species.
Having male and female reproductive organ in different individual of same species.
Having two testes.
A bacterial disease caused by a bacteria called Corynebacterium diphtheriae.
A bacterial disease caused by a bacteria called Corynebacterium diphtheriae.
A condition where in similar parts of the body are being paralysed.
Having two series of floral leaves.
Cells or organism that have two sets of haploid chromosomes.
Number of chromosomes in somatic cells.
A certificate given on completion of course of study.
Conduct of international relations.
An official who is engaged in diplomacy.
That is related to diplomacy.
A bag that contains papers of a diplomat.
A specialised group (branch) of diplomats.
Goods which are sent or received by diplomatic agencies (Foreign embassies etc.)
Certain exemptions available to diplomats.
A body of diplomats.
A condition of vision where in a single object appears double.
The stage of meiotic prophase in which chromosome pairs begin to separate and chiasmata is formed.
Groups of hexapods of class Entognatha having two pronged bristletails.
This is a type of antenna consisting of an electrically conducting wire.
An order of insects that possess a single pair of wings on the mesothorax.
Without intervening.
To give a formal order.
Originating immediately from a source.
To tell or show how to do something.
The ability to read or write a specific storage location without going through any locations before or after it.
A new feature in the Windows2007 and Windows Server 2008 R2 operating systems which provides seamless Internet access.
File constructed in a manner in where records are placed in a random order.
A technique to find data on a disk by deriving its storage address from an identifying key in the record.
This is a feature of modern computers which allows certain hardware subsystems within the computer to access system memory.
A memory device in which data can be accessed in any order.
A type of storage device where bits of data are stored at precise locations.
A type of account.
Which is not round but direct.
Any action to achieve an immediate result.
This term is used to mention any address specifying the location of a user.
It is mode of addressing in which address field specifies the location of the address of a user as per instruction.
To enter into direct trading in the prices of the same thing at the same time at different places.
Such scheme of providing assistance where assistance is provided directly to the beneficiary.
When tax is required to be paid by the tax payer, like income tax.
An expenditure incurred directly on acquiring capital assets.
Charges which are identifiable a direct.
A device which transforms binary signals into electronic pulses on a communications channel.
Direct power to check.
This is the process of conversion of analog signal to two - level digits or bits.
The cost that can be directly attributed to the item being produced like material, labour etc.
It is a way of interconnecting two circuits to transfer both AC and DC signals.
A process / arrangement under which payment is made by debiting the account as per authorisation.
A request to purchase directly or want for goods by the user.
When the amount of revenue is to be collected from the person who is liable to pay.
Expenses which are directly related to department.
It is study of the syntax and the semantics of formal languages and formal systems.
This is a network - provided service feature in which a call originator can call any other user outside the local calling area without operator assistance.
A semiconductor technology used to build light - sensitive electronic devices like cameras and image scanners.
A graph in which each graph edge is replaced by a directed graph edge.
Election conducted through direct voting.
A cost is charge to production process.
Loan amount that is made available direct to the user.
The system of providing / disbursing loans where loan amount is released directly to the borrower and not to the third party.
A type of account usually in manufacturing units.
Such type of subsidy which is made available to the beneficiary directly.
Investment that is made by the investor directly.
An order de.
An order detailing the course of action.
This is a passive device of a transmission line in radio technology.
Exercising authority and giving direction.
It is an angle made by a given vector and a coordinate axis.
Which indicates the direction.
Which indicates the direction.
Which provide only direction and do not have legal force.
A computer input device which enables direct entry of information by means of a keyboard.
Labour which has been engaged directly.
A system of engaging labour which is based on labour hour or man hour.
Liability to which one is directly responsible.
Loss which is visible and a fact of loosing something.
Selling of products or services by the producer / supplier directly to the customer bypassing the wholeseller / distributor etc.
Material which is used in manufacturing process directly.
It is an integrated circuit which transfers the data between a peripheral device and memory without CPU intervention.
A dedicated microprocessor which transfers data from memory to memory without using the CPU.
This is an iterative method to solve a problem in computational mathematics by successive approximations.
A process of nomination which is made directly.
Person who directs and supervises an institution.
Office of the director.
A director appointed to take charge of day - to - day activities of the institution.
Director who is working in some one else 's palce.
It executes real - time integration services for information Server.
This term represents the makers of software products.
Members on managing board of the company / institution.
Loan which is recoverable from directors.
Director is a software and its duty is to develop sophisticated interactive games and virtual worlds.
Remuneration given to directors for rendering professional services.
Remuneration paid to directors.
A meeting of directors.
The amount paid to a director for his services may be in the form of wages, salary or fee.
Paymen made directos for rendering services.
Report prepared by directors.
A book containing names, addresses, telephone numbers etc.
It is a computer networking standard for accessing an X. 500 directory service.
This word is used for the different file formats (Module files) given in the directory.
Files or links to files which are located in directories.
Web sites which provide searchable databases of individual e - mail addresses and other "people - finding" tools.
The department which contains the computer systems and related equipment, including the data library.
This is a powerful, security - rich and standards - compliant enterprise directory for corporate intranets and the Internet.
It is a software application which stores and organizes information about users of a computer network and network resources.
It is the process of making sure that two or more locations contain the same up - to - date files.
This term is used to mention about the Open Systems Interconnection which provides multi - vendor interoperability.
This term refers the design and management of a directory service.
A graphic representation of a file / folder hierarchy.
It is a graphical representation like a tree to explain the different aspects of directory system.
A software which accesses the X. 500 Directory Service on behalf of the directory user.
The system of making payment directly.
A method to process encoded image data.
Production which does not involve any ancillary process.
The selling and buying prices of currency i. e. rates of exchange given to customers directly.
Receipts which are received directly.
Person who has been recruited directly (Not by promotion).
A process of recruiting directly.
A type of mortgage where the debt against mortgage comes down on payment.
A report without any intervening factor.
Such type of tax which is levied directly on the tax payer.
A tax levied on a tax payer.
Committee for enquiring direct taxes.
Trade between two parties without involving any intermediary.
This is a satellite television delivered by the means of communications satellite.
This is a process or practice of taking other 's financial liability on oneself on happening of the agreed situation.
The quality of being useful in direct manner.
The process of verifying something which is done directly by the verifier.
Wages paid to work force directly involved in production.
Dirichlet drawer principle is based upon the observation that pigeons will not occupy a pigeonhole that already contains a pigeon.
Dirichlet 's box is based upon the observation that pigeons will not occupy a pigeonhole that already contains a pigeon.
Dirichlet 's drawer is based upon the observation that pigeons will not occupy a pigeonhole that already contains a pigeon.
A system of currency rates which is not controlled by the market.
A substance or drug that tends to increase the discharge of urine.
Lack of some quality or attribute.
Physical incapacity (by birth or injury).
Physical incapacity (by birth or injury).
Lack of mental or physical ability.
Leave granted on account of disability.
Leave granted on account of disability.
Disability pension is a form of pension given to those people who are permanently or temporarily unable to work due to a disability.
This term is being used when a system is turned off or inactive.
Train which has been rendered unable to function.
This is an assembly language instruction which means program need some change in execution.
A signal which has been sampled from a continuous - time signal.
Carbohydrate containing two monosaccharides bonded by hydroxyl groups.
Condition of inconvenience.
Circumstances which are not favourable.
Such objectives which are not in totality but have different forms.
Discount of foreign exchange.
To have different opinion.
Refuse to allow something.
Refusal to accept as valid.
To refuse to disallow.
The act of strong disapproval.
Formal disapproval of someone (condemnation).
Have an unfavourable opinion.
A software which converts machine language into assembly language.
Destruction of great magnitude.
Sudden misfortune.
It is a file containing a copy of the memory of a process produced when a process is aborted by internal error.
The technique or method to manage an emergent situation.
To break up.
Dessolution of a constituted body.
A chart / material showing the information on amount disbursed.
A chart / material showing the information on amount disbursed.
To pay out money for some purpose.
State of being disbursed.
Person who disbursed.
Officer who is authorised or looking after work of disbursement.
A flat circular plate or object.
A flat circular plate or object.
Flat plate like structure.
To get rid of something.
To drop the unwanted.
Small tubular flowers present at the centre of the flower head.
The type of discharge one can get when material alternation is made in an instrument.
To be relieved of a loan on payment of the debt etc.
When by using another person as substitute the earlier person is relieved of her / his liabilities.
A certification that a debt has been finally repaid.
A certification that a debt has been finally repaid.
Person who has been relieved (his duties, debt or responsibility etc.).
A person who was declared bankrupt is discharged from bankruptcy when courte 's satisfied that all conditions have been met and he can do business.
A bill which has been paid in full and final.
The loan which has been fully repaid.
The security which has since been freed of any liability.
The amount that has been paid against discharge.
To relieve or to be relieved of a responsibility.
The process of paying a bill.
When a debt (loan etc.) is finally paid.
Settlement of a debt.
To perform the duties assigned.
Unload the cargo from the ship.
When the amount invested in government securities is received back (after maturity etc.).
To pay a debt (a liability).
The rate at which loanees are coming to discharge their debt.
One has to sign for having received the amount, like a fixed deposit receipt is required to be signed by the depositor before payment is made.
A slip containing details of leaving.
Action initiated on violation of discipline.
Steps taken for observance of discipline.
The course of action followed for taking disciplinary action.
Penalty imposed for violating discipline.
The system of rules which people are expected to obey.
A branch of learning.
The subjects related to market behaviour or learning.
To deny or disown something.
To renounce a claim
To reveal.
The act of disclosing.
Disc like structure.
The process of losing the normal colour of a substance or the skin of the body.
Which is unfit to be a commodity.
Such type of development which does not help anybody but disturb the fabric.
This term is used to mention removal of the connection of a system or device from the plug.
Lack of contentment.
To put a stop to.
Act of discontinuing.
The act of giving up or closing the business.
To stop implementation of the scheme.
To put a stop.
Variation between individuals in which the trait is either present or not, no intermediate trait is present.
Lack of harmony.
Genus of nematodes of family Tylenchidae which has a cephalic disc.
A deduction from a stated price.
Allowing an advance against usance bill maturing at a future date by charging some amount.
An account pertaining to discount.
Amount of discount that has been give.
Space showing discount amount (in account).
Discount which is allowed as a practice.
A bill of exchange which has been sold or bought before maturity.
When future cash flow is evaluated by using present value.
The reduced value of a bill of exchange received before due date by getting it encashed.
The person or agency who is discounting.
A merchant / firm which is engaged in buying and selling of bills of exchange.
A ledger book which contains details of the discounted bills.
A market where financial instruments like, commercial bills, commercial paper etc. are traded.
The process of discounting a bill which is drawn and payable in the country and supported by financial documents.
Discount applied on creditors reserve fund.
Discount applied on debtors reserve fund.
Amount of discount granted on debenture issued.
Amount of discount granted on shares issued.
Discount allowed on purchases.
Discount allowed on sales.
The ratio of discount.
The rate at which the central bank of the country will lend or discount first class bills of eligible banks.
Amount that has been received as discount.
A table in which data is organized while creating a database.
A group of normalized tables used for creating a database.
Discount which is continuing.
To find out.
To refuse to believe (someone).
Variation between facts or figures etc.
A component or device which is separate and distinct and treated as a singular unit.
It is a separated data for the purpose of modification.
A function of a discrete random variable in which the variable will have a given value.
These are abstract models of a machines with primitive internal memory.
Freedom to decide something in a judicious manner.
Credit facility that can be granted on discretion of the authorised official.
A grant that depends on one 's own judgement.
Such income for which one has to decide himself.
Powers exercised according to own judgement.
Such limits for availing refinance which are at the discretion of the sanctioning authority.
To treat differently.
A market where different norms for treating different participating groups are adopted.
An acute stage of partiality (bias) in monoplised activity.
Unfavourable treatment to a person or group based on certain prejudices.
Such practices in management of currency which enables a variation of the supply price.
System of levying tax where different norms for different group have been followed.
Conversession on specific subject.
The process of making a conversation on a topic or subject by a group of people.
A group of people formed to discuss something on a given subject.
An abnormal or unhealthy condition of the body.
An abnormal or unhealthy condition of the body.
A disease which speads among people through infection.
An abnormal condition of an organism causing dysfunction.
The act of escaping of a susceptible plants from a disease.
Unhealthy or abnormal condition of the heart.
Rate at which the number of new cases of diseases occurs within a specified period.
The state of an organism to resist diseases.
The seriousness of the effect of a disease.
A disease that is work or occupation - related.
Inefficiencies and bottlenecks which are not sustained by those directly involved in the process.
When food items are produced at a large scale for consumption.
Higher cost resulting from the scale on which business operates.
A situation where there is loss or lack of stability.
To spoil the beauty of.
A situation where people may be working but some of them may not be contributing to production because of negligible productivity.
Lack of peaceful relationship.
A cheque returned unpaid.
A notice containing intimation of non - payment or non - acceptance.
The process of dis - accumulating things.
One who is not honest.
To treat with disrespect.
Act of not honouring (a cheque).
To dishonour a bill by not accepting by drawee.
To dishonour a bill by not paing by the drawer.
Such a cheque which has been dishonoured or which has not been paid.
Such a cheque which has been dishonoured or which has not been paid.
Act of not honouring a cheque by non payment.
When the drawee (bank) may return it unpaid or when a drawee of the bill refuses to accept or to pay after it is accepted by law.
When the drawee (bank) may return it unpaid or when a drawee of the bill refuses to accept or to pay after it is accepted by law.
Something that discourages to do something or making efforts.
A substance which is used to destruct or destroy harmful pathogens.
The process of destroying or destructing the growth of harmful infectious pathogenic organisms.
The process of eliminating animal pests, rodents, etc.
The process of curbing inflationary trend / situation through some measures.
The act of breaking into small parts.
The process of breaking down into smaller components or parts.
The process of eliminating a middleman / broker / agent etc. in transactions.
Sale of shareholding by an individual or institution for raising cash.
This term is used for the act of disconnect something from the connection point.
The act of separating one thing from another.
It is a standardization of a logical formula in boolean logic.
This is a direct access data storage device.
This is a process to read and write the disk.
A portable computer storage device which permits easy handling of data.
The particular number mentioned on a disk.
This is an enterprise storage system which carries multiple disk drives.
It is the embedded memory in a hard drive acting as a buffer.
It is a section of memory on the disk controller board that bridges the disk and the CPU.
This is a caching program in which data are queued up at high speed.
This term is used to mention the storage capacity of a disk.
A removable disk module which carries a single hard disk platter or a floppy disk.
The circuits that control data transfer to and from the disk drive.
The density of a disk means the area where the data is to be stored.
A peripheral device which reads and writes different types of disks.
A device which enables a microcomputer to control the functioning of a disk drive.
It is the protocol of communication between the rest of the system and the disk drive itself.
This is a peripheral device which read and write magnetic disks.
A flexible plastic disk coated with magnetic material and covered by a protective jacket, used primarily by computers to store data magnetically; The formal name for the standard 3. 5 "floppy disk. Also called Microfloppy.
A method for converting disk format data to tape format data records to a disk drive.
It is storage mechanism which used in personal computers.
A magnetic storage medium that is used with computers.
It is an organized collection of records which stored on a magnetic disk.
This term is used to indicate the form of disks where data is to be encoded.
A workstation without disk drives, which employs network booting to load its operating system from a server.
A magnetic coated memory device on which digital information is stored in the form of microscopically small, magnetized needles.
An external computer storage device consisting of one or more disks spaced on a common shaft.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as magnetic disk storage; disk storage.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as magnetic disk storage; disk storage.
A technique in which data is written to two duplicate disks simultaneously. This way if one of the disk drives fails, the system can instantly switch to the other disk without any loss of data or service.
A technique in which data is written to two duplicate disks simultaneously. This way if one of the disk drives fails, the system can instantly switch to the other disk without any loss of data or service.
This is an earlier single - user operating system from Microsoft for the Personal Computer.
The name of a number of operating systems which include facilities for storing files on disk.
A program which analyzes the storage locations of files on a computer disk and then carries out defragmentation.
A computer storage device consisting of several magnetic disks.
It is a subdivision of a track on a magnetic disk or optical disc.
This term is used to mention an increase in delay associated with reading or writing data on a computer 's disk drive.
This is a high - speed computer in a network which stores the programs and data files.
This is a software to help the usage of disk space.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as disk memory; magnetic disk storage.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as disk memory; magnetic disk storage.
A device which is used for storing data.
This is a process of dividing a substantial data into data blocks across several divisions on the hard disks.
A description which is used to describe the physical disk drive.
The term is used to describe an accessible storage area of a disk.
Disturbing from normal position.
Disturbing from normal position.
Displacement of a body part, especially a bone, from its normal position.
Displacement of a body part, especially a bone, from its normal position.
Displacing of business from normal position Or disrupting in conduct of business.
One who is not faithful.
Lines which have been disassembled.
To remove from the position.
Treat summarily (reject).
The act of dismissing (from post).
The act of dismissing (from post).
The act of not * * * * * *
To refuse to obey.
Lack of proper order.
Disturbance of peace.
Abnormal condition of the body.
To disrrupts the arrangements.
A state of confusion as to time, place, or identity as a result of disease or drugs.
Lack of equality.
A state of difference in rates.
A place for medical advice and dispensing of medicines.
A place where medicines or teratment for a disease are dispensed.
Preparing and giving out / distributing.
A system of providing / distributing loan.
To do without.
The state of leaving a gathering or to spread over a large area or put in circulation.
The act of dispersing.
To distribute in different directions.
Industries which are located in a large area in scattered form.
An agent added to the suspension for dispersion.
Whose who have been removed from their usual place.
The act of moving from a place to another place.
One who has been removed from his usual place or position.
Which is exposed to view.
Advertisement which is for display.
A named value which exists for all instances of some entity and is directly associated with the same instance.
Arguments provided to an executable on the command - line which are accessible through an optional parameter.
This is the head router and main control panel of the Crewsafe (wireless) network.
A device for visual presentation of images acquired, stored, or transmitted in various forms.
This term is used to mention a set of uncorrelated data.
This is a process to display a window for an active application.
This term is used for the images appeared on the screen.
A vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view.
This is a place (screen) where the information is to be displayed.
An electrical equipment which displays images generated by electronic devices such as computers.
The feeling of annoyance.
Deposits which can be used without any restriction (for lending / investment etc.)
Such portion of the income which is left after meeting all expenses and which can be used (for investment etc.).
Such financial resources which can be used freely.
Left out.
Act of disposing.
An act of getting rid of something.
To complete the work.
Sale of assets which are not required or being used for banking purposes.
A register maintained to record disposal of cases.
This term is used to mention the salvage value of a product.
To conclude.
An inclination.
A natural tendency (temperament).
A habitual tendency or trend.
Expenditure incurred in arranging or setting in order something.
To put out of possession.
To dislodge or oust somebody from the possession of something.
Relating to being asymmetric or lacking dimensional relationship.
Relating to being asymmetric or lacking dimensional relationship.
Which is relatively too large or small looking to the circumstances.
One who is engaged in a dispute with other person (s).
Disagreement between the two parties.
About which there is a dispute.
A bill which is under dispute.
A bill which is under dispute.
State of being disqualified.
One who has been declared unfit.
To make someone eligible.
Pay no attention to.
Lack of respect.
The state of not saving anything for future.
The process of cutting a body tissue using surgical instrument for analysis of a disease or anatomical purposes.
Removing unlawfully someone from his possession of land.
The state of being propagated or spread wide or circulated over a large area of body.
The act of spreading widely the data which has not been aggregated yet.
Express differently.
Such share holders who do not agree with a proposal and express their opinion against it.
A harmful action.
The process of being broken up and scattered by dispersion.
To separate from someone.
To declare unconnected.
An act of undergoing dissociation.
The process by which a compound or substance breaks up into simpler constituents.
Separation of ionic compounds into smaller particles.
Bringing to an end.
The act of decomposing or dissolving into parts.
when decomposition of a body is done in pursuance of a court order.
Breaking up of partnership.
To put an end to.
To cause to an end of the firm.
Which has been dissolved.
The process of making a substance or compound to pass into a solution.
Relating to any body part located far from the center or the point of attachment or origin
Situated away from the point of attachment.
This is a numerical description of the objects which are situated far away.
An organisation responsible for the promotion and coordination of the open university and distance education system and for determination of its standards in India. The Council was constituted under the Indira Gandhi National Open University Act (1985).
This is a function which defines the distance between elements of a set.
The amount of profit or yield which is likely to occur after a long wait.
An act or process of being enlarged or expanded or stretched out due to internal pressure.
The process of subjecting a substance to vaporization and subsequent condensation for purification or concentration.
It is a status property used by Microsoft Office applications.
Separate in identity.
Which is clear.
A definite and a different type of claim.
A definite and a different type of claim.
Something distinguishing.
Denoting excellence.
with distinguishing characteristic.
with distinguishing characteristic.
with distinguishing characteristic.
It is an essential network monitoring and packet sniffing tool for software developers.
To point out difference.
To draw distinctions.
This is a formalism developed in the mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics.
of high standing.
To misrepresent or give a false account.
Which has been twisted.
An act of being changed in normal shape and form.
Mental or physical pain.
When money is borrowed during financial hardship.
When money is borrowed during financial hardship.
Such type of stock of goods which is difficult to sell.
Sales which are made under distress conditions.
Such loans which are made available during calamity etc. on easy terms.
Income which is available for distribution.
To divide amongst many.
The process to divide and dispense any substance in portions.
This is a process in distributed computing in which a problem is divided into many tasks, each of which is solved by one computer.
This is a collection of newsgroups on a wide - area network.
It is a collection of autonomous computers linked by a computer network.
This term is used to describe the distribution of multiple computers throughout an organization in contrast to a centralized system.
It discribes the object services and common facilities provided in distrbuted computing.
It is a module aims to develop knowledge and understanding about modern distributed technologies and techniques.
The entire distributed control system is connected by networks for communication and monitoring.
This term is used to mention the data stored on more than one computer.
This is a database maintained in physically separated locations and supported by a computer network
A software system which permits the management of a distributed database.
It is a parity data formula which is used to create fault tolerance.
This is the use of multiple network - connected computers for information processing.
This term is used for a multiple system dispersed in an organization to achieve greater flexibility in structure.
This is a method for sending secured data between multiple computers in a network system.
This is a standstill position occurs in distributed systems during distributed transactions.
This is a system which allows to access the files located on another remote host as though working on the actual host computer.
This term is used to mention the existence of processing capability in terminals and other peripheral devices of a computer system
Flexible transparent fiber devices, called light guides which is used for image / information transmission.
It is an open source computer software (OSS) with a source code and certain other rights normally reserved for copyright holders.
A network structure in which the network resources like switching equipment and processors are distributed.
This term describes about the work in distributed computing based on object technology.
This term is used to mention the dispertion of computers in a centralized system.
Computer systems which use more than one computer or processor to run an application.
This is an information processing system consisting more than two programmable devices.
This term is used for a processor which is readily adapted to the construction of neutral network computing systems.
This is a refinement of ray tracing which allows the rendering of soft phenomena.
This is a server component provided in Distributed File System (DFS).
A collection of modules, each with its own specific function, interconnected to carry out integrated data acquisition.
It is a management of operations in which two or more network hosts are involved.
The act of distributing.
The pattern of branching and termination of an anatomical structure.
Spreading of an species in a geographical area.
A cable extending from a feeder cable into a specific area for the purpose of providing service to that area.
A process of examining (analysing) the cost factor on distribution of something (storing, marketing etc expenses).
Expenses related to the cost of selling.
Allocation of assets (to many).
Payment of shareholders from the profits.
To deliver goods to different people.
The shape of system in which distribution will be made.
The term is used for that process which is related to or involved in distribution.
Market which is concerned with distribution activities.
Any sort algorithm where data is distributed from its input to multiple intermediate structures.
An agent who supplies goods.
An administrative unit of a state.
An administrative unit of a state.
Author who is looking after work of audit in a district.
A center in a district housing multiple activities.
A center in a district housing multiple activities.
A plan of providing credit in a district by the banks prepared under lead bank scheme.
A park in the district for public.
A short account of a district describing its features, facts, etc. and other relevant information.
An office of treasury looking after financial transaction of the district.
An act of interruption.
An upheavel.
An act of being disturbed.
Areas which are considered riot ridden or places of constant disturbances.
Metal chelating compounds, oxygen atoms are replaced by sulfur atoms in carbamate.
Indentical as above.
The same as stated above.
Genus of plant pathogenic nematodes.
A condition of excessive discharge of urine.
Of or relating to a daily activity.
Active during the day time.
To go in different direction from a common point.
Spread over several products.
To introduce different type of products.
The act of spreading (diversifying) the risk over several other areas.
Such type of production facility where different type of products are obtained.
Which can be used for different purposes.
To take an alternative route.
To take an alternative route.
The charges (penalty) which is levied for using the funds for purposes for which these have not be sanctioned.
A pouch or sac or tube that branches from a hollow organ or structure.
A bulging pouch in the small intestine present at the time of birth.
It is an important algorithm design paradigm based on multi - branched recursion.
An error signal indicating that an illegal division was attempted.
Distribution of profits to the shareholders of a company.
An account setting aside money for the purpose of dividend.
When payment of dividend depends on the profits earned.
Book where details of divdiend are kept.
The amount of dividend which has been demanded as a right by the shareholder.
Accrual of right of receiving dividend alongwith title of share.
Where payment of dividend has been postponed.
Income relating of dividend.
A fund created to maintain the level of dividend distribution in future years.
When alongwith transfer of share title right to receive dividend is not earned.
Amount of dividend paid as final for the year.
Income received by way of dividend.
When dividend is declared at the time of presenting interim accounts.
Amount of dividend paid.
* * * * * * dividend as compared to others.
Rates at which dividend is paid.
Amount of dividend which has been received.
A provisional certificate that entitles the shareholder to receive dividend.
The amount of dividend which is in excess of the amount of dividend paid and appearing as such in the dividend account.
Amount of dividend not claimed by the receiver.
An order by company to a bank to pay amount of dividend to shareholder.
Net receipts which can be divided.
A common fund that is divisible.
Profit that can be divided.
Excess than the required divisible amount.
A major unit of an organisation.
An act of dividing into smaller components.
Accountant who looks after accounting of division.
A chest kept at division level.
Office pertaining to division.
Officer who heads divisional office.
A group of judges of a court.
A group of judges of a court.
Giving different parts of work to different workers.
A division of work into smaller tasks, each task performed by separate group.
A method which is used in hash function to find a hashed value (remainder).
The quantity by which another quantity (the dividend) is to be divided.
Legal dissolution of marriage.
Growth of organism in presence of two species.
A feeling of having a spinning sensation and a tendency to fall.
An enzyme which synthesize exact copy of DNA during replication.
An enclosed body of water where ships can enter for loading, unloading etc.
Charges made for using dock.
Tax levied by dock authorities.
Contents of a package.
Listing of things inside the package.
The process of label listing of vouchers.
Provident fund created for dock workers.
A qualified practioner of medicine.
Figures / information which has been tampered with in order to make it seem better.
A written matter that provides record of events.
This is instruction to the collecting banker that delivery of commercial documents be made on acceptance of bill eventually paid.
Instructions to the collecting banker that the delivery of documents be made when payment is made on presentation.
Providing a factful record.
Where either a bill of exchange or a promissory note is attached with the bill as supportive document.
Where either a bill of exchange or a promissory note is attached with the bill as supportive document.
The process of receiving payments against the documentary bills.
A system of financing international trade where banker undertakes to pay the amount on documentary credit or accept bill in return of requisite documents and on agreed term.
A draft (a term used for bill of exchange) which is accompanied by financial documents.
Evidence based on records.
A piece of written or printed document which is provided as an evidence or proof in a dispute.
A bill of exchange in overseas trade which is accompanied by financial documents like shipping receipt, invoice, inspection certificate etc.
A film that shown actual events.
When bills under the letter of credit are covered by documents of title to goods like transport receipt etc.
Which is backed by the documents (generally financial documents).
Collection of documents relating to events.
The process of execution of documents relating to sale.
This is the process of documenting the technical and non - technical aspects of a computer.
The element which changes the default font size in the document.
A document which is created in the co - authoring system.
Document collaboration refers to the process of sharing data interactively among several users in different locations.
The process of transforming information from one representation to another, smaller one to recover the original representation.
This is a program for conversion and manipulation of documents to use a data in the proper format.
It is a text format for storing documents on a storage media of computers.
This is a procedure for transporting and handling paper documents for data entry and scanning.
The scanning of paper documents followed by the storage, retrieval, display, and management of the resulting electronic images.
A computer system which is used to track and store electronic documents and images of paper documents.
A written document / certification that indicates creation of charge against some property etc.
Such a document that establishes the title of someone on something.
A document showing that the goods belong to the rightful owner.
This is the process of conversion of typed and handwritten text on paper - based and electronic documents into electronic information.
This is the ability to search for documents by keywords and other attributes.
When delivery of commercial documents is to be made against payment by the collecting banker.
Document collaboration refers to the process of sharing data interactively among several users in different locations.
When bill is sent by the exporter with the instructions to bank that the bill should be accepted and eventually paid and documents be released against acceptance.
A Windows function which allows an application to display and permits the user work with more than one document at the same time.
An injury caused by dog biting.
Distribution of something as charity.
Genus of ants with large colonies and honeydew producing insects.
Genus of polycotylid plesiosaur with long nosed eye.
Crop of family Fabaceae with purple flowers and seed pods.
Conversion of dollar currency to another currency or vice versa.
The excessive supply of dollar.
A common fund created by contributing dollar.
Of or relating to physical pain or mental suffering or anguish.
This term is used for strings of letters and numbers which are used to name organizations, computers, addresses etc. on the internet.
A person with special knowledge or skills in a particular area.
Domain extension is that top level Domain name which is used in an Internet address, such as. com,. org and. edu.
Domain forwarding refers to the process of redirecting requests on the Internet to a different Internet address.
Domain kiting is the process of cancelling and re - registering continuously the same Domain name.
This is the process of downloading a function which somebody want to use without searching domain.
Domain model refers to the definition of the functions, objects, data, requirements, relationships and variations in a particular domain.
It is the name of a computer network connection which identifies the owner of the address.
The unique identification of every entity (company, association, person, etc.) registered on the Internet.
Domain name parking refers to the process of registering an Internet Domain name in order to redirect a visitor to another site.
The function which converts a domain name in an Internet into an IP address.
In context of Telecom, Domain Name Resolver refers to that program which finds up an Internet domain name or attribute of a domain name on a Domain Name Server to translate domain names and Uniform Resource Locators into Internet Protocol addresses so that the routers could route e - mails and other traffic properly
A server which stores the domain name system records.
This is an often used analogy to explain the Domain Name System which serves as the "phone book" for the internet.
A hierarchical naming system for computers, services, or any resource participating in the Internet.
This is a search engine which permits users to find out if a domain name is available for purchase.
Domain theft is form of domain hijacking which generally involves an illegal act.
A semicircular roof.
Of or relating to home use.
Assets which are situated / owned in one 's own country.
A bill of exchange which is drawn and payable in the country itself.
A company registered in own country.
The act of using anything of utility within the country.
The amount of loan / credit facilities available in the country.
The value to local currency unit of a country with reference to other currencies.
The system of management, development and use of resources of a country.
To provide / manage financing in the country for various purposes.
Liabilities which are arising and payable within the country.
The demand in the area of the country which is available for buying and selling of products.
An item which has been made / produced within the country.
Purchases which have been made within the country (of domestic products).
It is a domestically made data - processing satellite for research and telecommunications.
Savings which are calculated as GDP less final consumption expenditure.
The combination of the households, business and government of a particular nation that undertakes consumption and production activity within the political boundaries of the nation.
Supplies which are arranged from within the country.
The trading activities or volume of trade that is taking place within the country.
Refers to the services which are provided at the home.
Of or relating to a dwelling place or domicile or residence.
A place of permanent residence.
A certification issued about a person 's permanent, residential status.
A permanent residence.
A bill of exchang where the place of presentation for payment is indicate.
Where someone was born or had a parental domicile.
Relating to the service that general practitioners provide for their elderly patients.
Relating to the treatment provided by doctors at a person 's home or residence or domicile.
Commanding influence over others.
Commanding influence over others.
Of or relating to something which exercises most influence or control.
A genetic trait which is expressed even when its single copy is present.
Stocks which have been contributed / given as charity.
Which is when excess of requirement is donated.
Act of contributing something.
An act of donating.
To contribute voluntarily something (money etc.) for helping others who are in need.
The person who has received donation.
Who donates.
Who donates.
Relating to a person who gives or donates something.
Countries which donote to others.
An act of taking a narcotic medicine or drug.
An act of taking a narcotic medicine or drug in excess as of in addiction.
Doppler radar refers to that system which is used for measuring speed based on the Doppler effect.
A condition or state of having minimal growth or being inactive.
Inactive stage with no biological activity.
Such account where there have not been any transaction for long time.
That part of the capital which is not in active use for long.
The market where mostly the securities issued by government are traded, when not active.
An inactive partner.
Societies which are not in working condition.
sleeping room with many beds.
Pertaining to back side or outer portion of an organ, a part, or an organism.
Related to back of the body.
A nodule of cell bodies of neurons whose axons forms the dorsal root of a spinal nerve.
Sebaceous gland in the dorsal region.
Dorsal esophageal gland opening.
Attached at the back of a plant part.
Having dorsal to a ventral surface.
Nerves between the dorsal and lateral nerves.
A suture, fold or groove that separates dorsum and the pleuron region of the body.
A nerve which extend from rectal commissure above and behind the rectum.
Related to both dorsal and ventral side of the body.
Back side or outer portion of an organ, part or an organism.
Posterior part of the body.
The amount and number of times a drug or medicine has to be taken by a patient.
The amount of a therapeutic substance or a drug or medicine that has to be taken by a patient at one time.
Quantity of something that is provided.
A collection of information about a person or subject.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called matrix printer or dot matrix printer.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called matrix printer or dot matrix printer.
A type of printer which forms each character as a group of small dots, using a group of wires located in the printing element.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called matrix printer; dot character printer.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called matrix printer; dot character printer.
Prepared one.
A system of account keeping where every transaction is recorded as a debit in one ledger a / c and as credit in another.
A system of account keeping where every transaction is recorded as a debit in one ledger a / c and as credit in another.
A system of account keeping where every transaction is recorded as a debit in one ledger a / c and as credit in another.
Engines two at a time.
The cross between a double heterozygote and a homozygote.
An insurance policy which provide more than one benefit.
A clinical trial technique in which neither the doctor nor the patient know the exact dosage of the study drug administered during a particular phase oc clinical trial.
where details of capital expenditure and operative expenditure are kept separate.
This is a technique used to minimize the delay in input / output operations by the use of a buffer.
Notes which are checked at two different points simultaneously.
Same claim twice.
Such areas of agricultural land where more than one crop can be grown in a season.
A new hybrid produced by cross in which each parent is the product of a single cross.
Where a cheque is crossed specially more than once to more than one banker.
The growth that is between numbers 10 to 99 in percentage term.
This term is used to mention the directory one level above the current directory.
The amount of duty which is twice of the normal duty.
It is an abstract data structure which implements a queue for which elements can only be added to or removed from the front or back.
An entry relating to a transaction which is recorded both as a debit in one account and as a credit in another account.
The type of book keeping where entry of one commercial transaction is recorded simultaneously both at debit and credit side.
A system of book keeping under which transaction is recorded both as debit in one ledger and credit in another.
When Loans / funds are provided twice for the same purpose or on same assets.
The insurance cover on the same object / risk which has been obtained from different agencies.
A 36 - bit computer processing unit and algorithmic logic unit architectures which are based on registers.
More than one columns indicate value.
An agreement to buy or sell shares on a specified rate in future.
This is process used for calculations, by using two computer words instead of one for more arithmetic precision.
A policy adopted in a welfare state where certain commodities / services (generally essential) are made available to poorer / weaker sections of the society at concessional rate as compared to the other sections of the society.
A technique for recording binary digits in magnetic cells.
The process of perforating a card or paper twice (two places) according to instructions.
These are used to produce a specific visual effect when formatting links.
This is a tool which provides die protection for stamping presses for press automation.
A method for double - sided printing in which may eject printing fluid from a fluid ejector.
This is a magnetic / optical disc in which data can be recorded on both sides.
Double sided formats of disks providing twice the storage capacity.
This is a catridge disk drive which transfers the data with double speed of a common disk.
When a tax payer is subject to payment of tax twice on the same income under two different jurisdictions.
A relief given to the tax payer where he is not taxed twice for the same income.
The process of attestation required to be done by more than one person / authority.
This is a linked data structure which consists of a set of data records.
Which is unsure.
An account kept for doubtful debt.
The debts recovery of which doubtful.
An account of reserve which has been created for provisioning against doubtful debts.
A stream of liquid containing the medicinal or cleansing agent that is introduced into a body part or cavity for healthy purposes.
To fit together closely.
This term is used when a computer ceases to operate due to hardware or software failure.
This is the link from a satellite to a ground station.
A typeface which is controlled by the software of a computer system.
This word is used to mention the data transferred from a server to a system or device.
This is a process to transfer a program from a server to one 's own computer or device.
This is the process of downloading the packaging of computing resources.
Immediate payment on supply of goods.
Period during which operations are not conducted.
The risk which has a downward movement.
Time when work is stopped.
Declining or downward trend in business activity.
This is the ability of an older computer to accept programs from a newer one.
Revision which is coming from a higher to lower position.
General tendency of coming towards lower from higher.
General tendency of coming towards lower from higher.
From higher to lower.
A party detached from a larger group.
A sketch of work.
A written order for payment of mondy (by bank).
Preliminary outline of some written material (book, letter etc.)
The list of items proposed to be taken up for discussion etc. in a meeting.
These are remitting letters bearing details of draft and MT etc. with reference number to facilitate identifying the DD or MT.
A draft where not other document is attached.
A draft that has attached to it some commercial documents.
The draft which is issued under the arrangements made under the facility of letters of credit as per agreement.
Comments made on the draft.
When payment of the draft is made by the receiving bank without waiting for receipt of the advice.
A preliminary outline of a proposal, speech, book, presentation.
A portion of the preliminary written material.
Draft of the reply to be sent.
A register in which details of drafts payable are recorded.
Such drafts which are presented for payment not accompanied by the advice from the remitter bank.
This is the process to move a display on a computer screen by using a pointing device.
A pipe or tube through which a liquid drains.
A pipe or tube through which a liquid drains.
An act or process of removing or drawing out liquid gradually from a body cavity or wound or abscess.
An act or process of removing or drawing out liquid gradually from a body cavity or wound or abscess.
When ability of an organisation is impaired to meet its financial obligations or debts in cash in time.
The process or act of funds / foreign exchange being sent out of the country.
The process or act of funds / foreign exchange being sent out of the country.
A person pursuing art of acting.
This is the most common type of computer memory in which chips are very dense.
Something which is considered to be extremely violent or severe in nature.
Measures which are severe in nature.
A measured portion or dose of liquid medicine mixed for drinking.
Writing of a cheque or bill of exchange.
Writing of a cheque or bill of exchange.
The amount of money which is allowed to be drawn within the limits sanctioned.
The amount of excise or import etc. duty paid back or remitted as rebate.
A claim made to receive back / for refund of the duty / tax already paid.
Return of amount of duty already paid.
Writing a bill of exchange.
Writing a cheque.
The process of reducing balance in the bank account by taking out money.
A person to whom a negotiable instrument is addressed.
A bill drawn by the supplier of raw material which is accepted by the producer and got discounted later.
A person who assumes the role of drawee if necessiated.
A person who drawns a cheque
A person who drawns a cheque
in order for drawing (withdrawal).
An account maintained for withdrawal of funds.
When amount is allowed to be withdrawn against the instruments deposited with the bank for collection, before such collection is actually done.
The arrangement as per agreement made with the bank to draw amount under some credit facility.
Officer who has been designated for withdrawing and disbursing money.
Whose favour instrument (cheque etc.) is being drawn.
Whose favour instrument (cheque etc.) is being drawn.
Limit upto which drawings (withdrawals) may be allowed in a account.
The art or technique of producing images on a screen by a pointing device.
An affair who is vested with drawing powers.
An act of impressing.
A process of calculating limit of drawals under cash credit facilities by deducting the margin from the value of security.
It is a type of international money floated by International Monetary Fund (IMF) also known as SDR.
Funds drawn by partners.
The amount of money which has been drawn from the bank account.
Such a bill which has been drawn.
Such type of bond which has been selected for repayment at a certain date.
When stock comes down due to use / consumption.
The report submitted by the Inspector which is not final.
Cheque or any other type of bill of exchange which has been drawns on some individual or institution.
Cheque or any other type of bill of exchange which has been drawns on some individual or institution.
This tool is used to draw wire to make it thinner.
Cartage paid for carrying heavy load.
A budget which is ideal, fulfil aspiration of masses.
The act of making wet.
The act of making wet.
A highly viscous or semisolid substance used on the skin for the purposes of healing up of wounds or bruises on skin.
A strip or band of a material used to safe guard the wound or injured body part.
Small amount of something after intervals.
Leave which is being availed of at frequent interval for small number of days.
It is a comparatively long - term change in an attribute, value, or operational parameter of a system.
This is specified character for multiple use in a picture field.
A surgical instrument used to make holes on hard surfaces like bones or teeth etc.
A coin with a hole.
A system of drilling based on rays.
Rate of motion of drilling.
A pipe or tube through which a liquid drains.
This is a pattern found in source code which is strongly correlated with a software defect.
A collection of hard disks organized to increase speed and improve reliability with the help of data stripping.
This is a standard - sized area for adding hardware to a computer.
This is a system and method for determining a Read Access Memory (RAM) disk logical drive.
This is the process of recording of redundant data for fault tolerant operation.
This is a magnetic nonvolatile media which is used to store and manage application and system data.
This is a piece of software that enables a computer to communicate with a peripheral device.
This is a windows driver model framework for device drivers which was introduced with Windows 98 and Windows 2000.
It is a disk compression utility to increase the storage space of data on disks.
A very small quantity of liquid that takes the shape of a sphere when falling.
A decline or decrease in quality or intensity or quantity.
The situation where customers stop making purchases or stop renewing.
A box used for collecting cheques / requests from clients, installed at fixed places.
This term is used to mention the first capital letter of a name or paragraph.
A system where delivery of goods is made at destination.
It is a user interface control Graphical User Interface element box which allows the user to choose one value from a list.
A very small drop of liquid.
An infection that is spread from one person to another through the droplets of mucus - secretions or saliva or sputum containing pathogenic organisms.
A small glass tube with a rubber suction bulb that is used for drawing in a liquid and releasing it in drops.
One who is engaged in arranging supplies directly.
A system that is being followed in shipping of goods under which goods are delivered at ship directly.
Accumulation of serous fluid in cells, tissues or serous cavities.
A period of little or no rain.
A period of little or no rain.
Area affected by draught.
An area where chances of drought like situations are more which is prone to drought conditions.
The process of coming down or a though beating.
A chemical substance used to treat diseases or unhealthy conditions.
An official assigned the job of controlling drug related matters.
A rash or eruption caused by consuming a drug.
Person dealing in drugs.
A systematic course of administration of drugs for regulating health of a patient.
The ability of microorganisms to resist the action of a drug.
A state of decreased responsiveness to the pharmacologic effect of a drug as a result of previous exposure to that drug.
An oval - shaped, thin, semi transparent membrane that separates the middle ear from the external ear.
This is an image - forming device which scans and exposes the surface of each photosensitive drum to form an electrostatic latent image.
Drum printer means revolving cylinder which acts as the printing element.
This is a type of scanning used to produce the highest resolution from an image.
The drum unit transfers the toner into an image onto a drum, which the paper is fed through to pick up.
Of or relating to be under the influence of intoxication by alcohol.
Of or relating to be under the influence of intoxication by alcohol.
A fleshy fruit with single seed which is covered by hard shell.
Loss due to dry conditions.
Batteries free from moisture.
A nonproductive cough without expectoration.
ship repairing implement kept on a waterless dry dock
Bringing ships for repair etc. in an area near sea from where water is pumped out.
Practice of growing crops with little or no water (unirrigated).
A disease condition caused by reduction of blood flow through arteries.
Of or relationg to dried roots of Zingiber officinale.
The process of removing moisture from a substance.
Preservation of a substance in a frozen state under high vacuum.
Growing crops in a land in arid zones.
When some plan is implemented on experimental basis before full fledged implementation.
This term is used to mention two parts or components usually in pairs.
Holding two positions.
This is the storage area of a double - sided, dual - layer version of a compact disk (CD).
The state of being dual in managing things or governance.
A policy which is twofold or serves two different purposes.
Following two sets of prices for the same thing / commodity etc.
A computer system which contains two independent computer processing unit chips.
This is method which is used to solve algorithmic problem without using artificial variables.
Estimation of value or fixing of price which is having double character.
Two appointment for single positions.
A tube or canal or passage through which air or fluid or any other substance passes.
Of or relating to the absence of ducts.
One of the various glands that secrete its hormones into the blood stream directly.
The deferent duct and the excretory duct of the seminal vesicle units and opens in prostatic urethra.
A thing or stock which is of no use.
Which is payable (debt or obbligation).
Time to happen or being done.
Acknowledgement with acceptance receipt.
Something which is required to be paid on / upto a fixed date.
A date fixed for performing or date of payment.
Type of due date in financial instruments.
The amount of loan which is due for payment or receipt.
Process of applying careful efforts for ascertaining something.
Which is receivable from the bank.
objection which seems to be appropriate.
Which becomes payable on a fixed date.
Rent which has become due for payment.
Amount which is receivable.
Amount that is payable.
Amount payable to dock.
Because of that.
Because of or caused by.
Because of disruption of traffic.
Because of something that has been overlooked.
Relating to less intense or acute or active.
A person who is dull.
A market where few people are buying or selling.
Relating to the quality of being dull or less active.
A sluggish trend of transaction in the market.
In due manner.
In due manner.
Authority assigned to someone in a proper manner as per rules.
Which has been established properly.
Which has been countersigned in a correct / proper manner.
Which has been examined properly.
Which has been filled in properly.
Which has been sanctioned properly.
Which has been rightly and properly signed.
Which has been verified properly.
Thisterm is used for a display terminal without processing capability.
An imitated object - (copy)
An account which has not been opened in the name of a real / genuine persons.
An account as model.
The variables appearing in the definition of a function which will be replaced by an address.
It is a well known concept in computer application - 7 (CA - 7) in which it is used instead of dataset name.
It is an artificial instruction or address inserted in a list to serve a purpose other than the execution as an instruction.
This is a numerical variable used in regression analysis to represent subgroups
This is a Unix program for backing up files in the file systems.
Sending goods in large quantity in the market for cheap sales.
To release or throw something from a container by tilting it.
A place where unwanted wastes are dumped or thrown.
A market in foreign country where goods are sold at a cheaper rate than made in that country in large quantities.
This is a program within an operating system of a computer which handles the processing of dumps.
An ulcer involving the mucosa, submucosa, and muscular layer on the duodenum.
The first part of small intestine which plays an important role in digestion of food.
Where possession of trade in a commodity rests with two sellers only i. e. when two sellers enjoy monopoly.
When rights are assigned for two persons for buying.
Genus of nematode of family Tylenchidae.
Genus of nematode of family Tylenchidae having ventral body, fine annules, lateral field with single ridge.
A communication channel which rendering simultaneous transmission in both directions.
This is a circuit designed for duplex operation.
A system which is composed of two connected devices that can communicate with one another in both directions.
This is an extension of mirroring in which all data is duplicated onto two distinct physical hard drives.
This word is used for the transmission of data in between two directions simultaneously.
Which is identical to another.
Which is identical to the original.
Which is identical to the original.
Which is identical to the original.
Which are identical copies of the invoices.
It is a secondary data key (date, product, city) in a file which can be duplicated.
The other (duplicate) copy of a bill.
An additional copy of the pass book.
A second copy of the payment order (pay order).
The process of making duplicate.
machine used for duplicating.
Exact copy of the original one.
machine that makes copies of original.
The state of being durable (long lasting).
Such long lasting assets which are created for use of commodity as a whole.
Such items of consumer use which are used for quite long time like Refrigerator, cooler etc.
Goods which are not meant for immediate consumption.
Outermost membrane covering the brain and spinal cord and forming the inner lining of the skull.
The nonliving harden xylem tissue found at the centre of the wood.
Time period during Which something exists.
A period of time.
Forcing someone to act against his will.
Particles of solid matter freely suspended in air.
Very small solid particles with diameter less than 500 micrometres.
Any substance used to remove dust.
A cover to protect from dust.
A public sale of goods in which the auctioner will reduce the price till a buyer is found.
Goods which are liable to customs or other duties.
A responsibility moral or legal.
A responsibility moral or legal.
A moral or legal obligation.
A term that specifies the basis of levying tax.
A type of allowance granted to employees for specified duties.
A list showing function of employees.
Duty levied on certain imported / exported goods.
When the amount of taxes paid by a producer on components of goods meant for export is refunded.
Tax levied on certain goods produed in the country.
Certification of a particular item being duty exempted.
A scheme formulated to make available to the registered exporters the necessary inputs needed for export production without payment of duty.
Tax levied on exported item.
Item of goods on which no duty is levied.
Tax levied on import.
A type of leave granted to employees.
List of functions required to be performed by someone.
List of tax levied.
A duty levied on some goods entering in town.
Goods on which duty has been paid.
Amount of duty which is to be paid.
Tax imposed to collect revenue.
Where duty staff sits.
List showing duty of the employees.
Duty which is quantity based.
It is an optical disc recorder which records video onto blank writable Digital Video Disk media.
A read - only Digital Video Disk which is used to store data in the files permanently.
A condition of being short statured.
A coloring substance that is used to color materials.
A statement of a person while dying.
A statement, either verbal or written, made by a person at the time of death regarding the causative factors that brought about his / her death.
Statement given while dying.
who is energetic and active.
Who is energetic and active.
Subject relating to material propensity which is active and energetic.
A system of making exports which is very active and potent.
The tendency of change in value of a currency over a period of time in relation to others.
The market which is very active.
The expansion of money supply that results as a result of policy adopted by the central bank for money creation.
The process of change in currency 's relative value.
Dynamic Web content refers to such a Web content which changes based on the user 's requirments and provides relevant information to meet them by accessing information in a connected database.
Dynamic Web page refers to such a Web page which changes based on the user 's requirments and provides relevant information to meet them by accessing information in a connected database.
DYNASTY refers to the application development system for enterprise client / server environments which has been developed by Dynasty Technologies.
Dyne is a unit of force used in the CGS system.
A condition of difficulty in speech due to impairment of the part of the brain that controls speech production.
Abnormal functioning of the body, especially the blood.
A diseased condition of the bowels or intestines charecterized by severe diarrhea with blood and mucus in the stools.
Abnormal or impaired functioning of an organ or a body system.
Abnormal or impaired deveopment of an organ or a body system.
Laborious or painful or difficult menstruation.
Painful coitus.
Abnormal or impaired digestion of food.
Abnormal or impaired digestion of food.
Swallowing difficulty or trouble.
Abnormal or impaired vocal function due to hoarseness.
Impaired growth or development of cells, tissue, bone, or an organ.
A sensation of feling short of breath or out of breath.
A sensation of feling short of breath or out of breath.
Delivery of a child which is difficult or labored due to mechanical obstruction at the cervix of the uterus.
A condition of lacking normal muscle tone due to nervous system dysfunction.
A disorder of faulty or inadequate nutrition.
A disorder of faulty or inadequate growth or development.
A condition of having difficulty or pain with urination.
An organ of vertebrates, which aid in hearing sounds and maintaining balance and equilibrium.
Orders / guidelines which have been issued before the present one.
Orders / guidelines which have been issued before the present one.
As soon as possible.
Retirement before completion of the tenure.
Such a scheme under which services can be terminated before attaining age of retirement.
Set aside for a specific purpose.
Which has been set aside for a special purpose.
Which has been set aside for a special purpose.
Gold which has kept aside for some specific purpose.
The process in which identification of taxes has been done.
A technology in voice over IP (VoIP) used for listening on ear phone and transmitting audio on microphone.
Income derived from wages / salaries etc.
Leave earned by rendering services etc.
Leave earned by rendering services etc.
The person who is receiving money for rendering services.
Money which is paid as advance to bind a contract.
A sum of money deposited by a person in evidence to bind in a contract.
The amount of earnest money that has been kept as deposit.
Money which is paid as advance to bind a contract.
Asset which earns or has the earning capacity.
Asset which earns or has the earning capacity.
Earning which is before payment of interest and tax.
Capability through which one earns.
A member (of the family) who is earning or is in a position to earn.
The rate at which earnings are being made.
Money or profit earned.
Money or income which has been earned.
Income from renting coaches.
The Earnings multiple shows the relationship between the stock price and the companys earnings.
Income from passanger traffic.
The total amount of earnings.
One of the three bones of the middle ear that transmits sounds from eardrum to inner ear.
An instrument for dilating the ear cavity to facilitate its examination.
brownish yellow wax - like secretion in the external ear
Which can be collected without much efforts.
Railway that runs largely in eastern sector.
Market which has consistency and is in a relaxed position.
Money that one does not need to work hard to get it.
Money which is available at a cheaper rate.
The loan which can be obtained at lower rate of interest.
The situation when short term funds are available in the market easily at reasonable rate.
Of or relating to something which promotes child delivery by increasing uterine contractions.
Deviation from a conventional or established pattern or conduct.
With this data to be read or transmitted or checked and even corrected.
Discoloration of tissues due to oozing of blood from a ruptured blood vessel into the subcutaneous tissues.
Relating to a gland that secretes outwardly through a duct or ducts.
The shedding or casting off of an outer cuticle in arthropods and Ecdysozoa.
A hormone in insects and crustaceans that control molting.
Management relating to different ranks in an organisation.
A tumor of cartilage that is projected out from bone or cartilage.
Coma and convulsions during or immediately after pregnancy or parturition.
Of or relating to any overshadowing or cutting off of light.
A dimming or extinction, as of fame or glory.
Plant of family Asteraceae also known as False Daisy, yerba de tago, and bhringraj.
The hatching of an larva of an insects from its egg or pupal case.
Which helps maintaining ecology.
Of or relating to ecology.
Reproductive isolation of two closely related species due to change in the ecologyor in the environment.
The role of an organism in its community or environment.
Genetically different populations of same species that has adapted to different environment.
The process of change in ecological community in which new species is established by replacing the existing species.
The capacity of an community to tolerate harsh environment condition.
Relationship between organisms and surroundings.
The study of relationship between organisms and their environments.
The branch of biology that deals with the study of relationship between organism and environment.
The living organism and its relationship with the environment.
That avoids waste.
The analysis that is based on mathematical and statistical data.
A design or model which is based on mathematical and statistical applications.
The process or system used for testing economic theories through statistical or mathematical methods.
The theory of economics relates to application of mathematical and statistical data.
Related to finance.
Related to finance.
Related to finance.
Of or relating to the management of the income, expenditures, etc. of a household or a business.
Activity connected with trade, industry and management of money.
Activity connected with trade, industry and management of money.
A cautious and measured approach to tide over the economic crisis by making it tighter.
Events and activities connected with trade, commerce industry or relating to financial matter.
Events and activities connected with trade, commerce industry or relating to financial matter.
Which is not wasteful and avoids waste.
Which is financially secure and in a healthy state in economic terms and self reliant.
Which is financially secure and in a healthy state in economic terms and self reliant.
Detailed examination of matters relating to economics to understood them better.
Person who analyses economic aspects.
A scientific study of areas covering economic and statistical fields.
A systematic study and investigation of economic aspects of a project etc. to assess whether a project is economically viable.
Certain things which are taken for granted in economic field.
An effort to close by force the economic activities.
To refuse to use something or participate in an activity relating to economic matters.
A mathematical way of calculating matters relating to economic activity.
Ability to use all economic resources to produce / create money.
To make something different in economic matters or a process of change in economic matters.
Particular combination of qualities covering various features in economic matters.
Where charges (of service) are low.
The process of arranging economic status in different categories.
General atmoshphere relating to economic activities.
To work together or jointly in economic matters.
When large amount of economic activity is at one place or in hands of few.
When large amount of economic activity is at one place or in hands of few.
When people have different ideas in economic matters and oppose each other.
Positions in economic matters which are contradictory to each other.
Positions in economic matters which are contradictory to each other.
An assembly that deliberates on economic matters.
A time of great difficulty in economic matters.
The process of managing / tackling critical economic situation.
When a critical situation arise in economic matters.
Damage cause to the commodity as a result of distruction or harm by the pest.
Facts and observations relating to economic matters.
A condition when there is severe contraction in economic activity causing widespread unemployment, declining investment, and falling prices.
Factors which are decisive in economic matters.
Stage of growth relating to economic activities.
The scope and extent of economic related activity.
The power to use fine distinction in economic matters.
An argumentative contention in economic matters.
Economic activity that works well without waste.
Economic activity that works well without waste.
Attempt made to do something concerning economic matters.
Attempt made to do something concerning economic matters.
The purpose of economic activity.
The belief or theory in economic sphere that all men have equal economic rights.
Where all are supposed to be treated equally in economic matters.
The process of making or equating in economic matters.
The act of expanding economic activities.
The act of expanding economic activities.
Making selfish use of economic activities.
Thing that actively contributes in economic matters.
Thing that actively contributes in economic matters.
The belief that all economic activities / events are predetermined by the fate.
It is a systematic investigation of a project etc. to assess whether it is economically and financially sound.
It is a systematic investigation of a project etc. to assess whether it is economically and financially sound.
The exerted strength of economic factors for decision.
Condition of being free in deciding economic matters - one who enjoys freedom economically.
Condition of being free in deciding economic matters - one who enjoys freedom economically.
Which are serving as a base or foundation for deciding direction of economy.
Goods which have economic value and connected with trade, commerce, manufacturing etc.
Goods which have economic value and connected with trade, commerce, manufacturing etc.
The process of growing of the national product.
Peaceful and happy relationship between various sectors of economy.
General condition of economic activities.
The position of controlling the economy or economic aspects.
The position of controlling the economy or economic aspects.
The principles of economic aspects which are perfect or standard.
Generating such results which are not good in economic terms.
The process of extending economic influence over other countries.
Something that encourages the economic activity.
Something bad which is occurring to the economy or act of burdening the economic aspects.
Something bad which is occurring to the economy or act of burdening the economic aspects.
Anything (like rate of employment, inflation etc.) that points out the direction of economy in which it is going.
Anything (like rate of employment, inflation etc.) that points out the direction of economy in which it is going.
The level of pest that cause harm to valued commodity.
Such an state in the economy where one is not confident or feeling safe in economic matters.
A large organisation that deals with matters relating to economic aspects.
Advantage or benefit in economic / financial terms.
A policy of economic cooperation between nations of the world.
When the meaning of history is explained in terms of economic considerations / aspects.
Rules established by legislature governing economic matters / aspects / activities.
Economic principles which are based on broadminded thinking and not restrictive in nature.
Where one does not feel handicapped in economic matters and enjoy freedom to take decisions.
It relates to the period till item like building plant / machinery / equipment etc. became obsolete and their use became uneconomical.
The process of deciding policies relating to economic aspects / matters and ensuring their implementation.
Ensuring management of enterprise efficiently and at reasonable cost.
Situation which has grown ripe or developed economically.
The way of handling economic aspects / matters in an organised manner.
Ministeries relating to economic activities.
Ministry relating to economic activities.
A particular style or structure for handling economic aspects / matters.
The factor or purpose that induces some one to adopt or do a particular economic activity.
Devotion to one 's nation for each economic activity and prefer the national consideration in economic matters.
Certain desired standard relating to economic aspects.
Something aimed at or to be achieved in economic terms.
Something aimed at or to be achieved in economic terms.
Economic theories or principles which are discarded and no more in currency.
Situation which seems contradictory in economic terms.
Certain norms for quantifying something in economic context.
To find access into economic activity.
An economic event occurrance of which is perceived.
A detailed scheme which is formulated with the objective of utilising purposefully the factors of production to obtain economic results.
A detailed scheme which is formulated with the objective of utilising purposefully the factors of production to obtain economic results.
To divide into two groups which have oppositing opinion in economic terms.
A general plan of action adopted by the government in economic matters.
When economic matters weigh heavily or assume greater importance.
When economic matters weigh heavily or assume greater importance.
The act of influence or force which is being put on economic matters.
Steady advancement or improvement in economic matters.
The process of work of rehabilitation / reconstruction undertaken in the areas which have been heavily damaged by some calamity.
The rent derived from the cultivated land in excess of that derived from the poorest land cultivated under similar conditions.
Economic means available to achieve an end.
To make economic activity effective again.
To make economic activity effective again.
A stream of studying aspects relating to production, distribution and consumption of goods and services.
The financial aspects of something (project or plan etc.).
Imposing coercive economic action.
The state of being satisfied in economic aspects.
The state or condition when one does not depend on others for financial / economic resources.
The position when it may not be possible to continue business operations or economic activities due to slowdown.
Assessing growth by applying economic principles.
The economics that tells us how to bring something in conformity with standard.
Assessing the financial aspects of a plan / scheme whether it will work effectively within the given parameters.
Assessing the financial aspects of a plan / scheme whether it will work effectively within the given parameters.
A framework that facilitates interconnecting various economic activities.
A framework that facilitates interconnecting various economic activities.
A general review of the economic positions in the country covering various segments of the economy.
A particular method or a set of connected things for undertaking economic activities.
A set of rules or ideas that explains a particular thing.
A process of thinking or an idea covering economic aspects.
Pest density at which a control measures will prevent the pest population for economic benefits.
Pest density at which a control measures will prevent the pest population for economic benefits.
Dealings in connection with economic / financial matters.
The general tendency relating to economic aspects.
The status of not being engaged in any economic activity.
An organisation of some entities or countries with the objective of encouraging trade and commerce between the member countries and serve their economic interests.
An organisation of some entities or countries with the objective of encouraging trade and commerce between the member countries and serve their economic interests.
To employ resources for economic purpose.
How something is useful in economic terms.
Which is practical (biveable) economically.
That results in careless use or extravagant expenditure of the economic resources.
Large amount of money or possession of financial resources.
Large amount of money or possession of financial resources.
Financial help / assistance provided to the needy sectors of the society.
Benefits which can be obtained by adopting the processes which are interlinked to other process.
The advantages which can be derived by producing something in very large quantity.
A person who is considered to be expert in economics and financial matters.
Thrifty use of economic resources.
Thrifty use of economic resources.
Wealth resources of a nation covering production and consumption of goods and services.
The process of using money in a careful and thrifty manner, so that nothing is wasted.
A planned activity to ensure economy (thriftness).
The process of trimming the use of resources.
Steps which are initiated to ensure that less money is spent on expenditure.
Where wealth or financial resources are more than enough.
Where wealth or financial resources are more than enough.
Economy where rate of payment for wages is high.
Where inadequacy or shortage of resources is a common feature.
Producing large quantity for a lower cost or small in size.
Small piece of paper containing information on economy.
Species consisting of ecotypes, that can interbreed inspite of being adapted to different environment.
A system where living organism interact with physical component of the environment.
A system where living organism interact with physical component of the environment.
Variety, population or race within a species having unique physical characteristics, adapted to a specific environmental conditions.
A state of being overpowered by emotion, especially with joy or passion.
Expansion or dilation of a tubular structure or organ.
The outermost layer of an embryo.
The outermost layer of primary germ cell layers of an embryo.
A method to develop an organism in an artificial environment.
The effect of pollination and fertilization on structure other than embryo and endosperm.
A parasite that lives on the host surface and not inside the host body.
Part of genital organ consisting of phallus and associated structures.
A plant parasite that lives on the surface of the host.
Congenital disposition of an organ or part.
Of or relating to ectopia.
Gestation of fetus outside the uterus.
Outer layer of cytoplasm.
A turning outward of a margin of a body part.
An inflammation of skin with itching and the oozing out serous matter.
An inflammation of skin with itching and the oozing out serous matter.
The effect of soil on organism.
When slight increase (in rates etc.) is noticed.
Relating to something which can be eaten.
Oil which can be used for human consumption.
Seed from which edible oil is extracted.
Some plants which can wholly or partly be used for food.
Some plants which can wholly or partly be used for food.
A process of preparing / modifying written material for publishing.
A particular form in which a written material is published.
Written or approved by an editor.
Person who helps the editor in his work.
A group of persons to advise editor in editional work.
A lantern or light which is used to test recognition of coloured signals.
Estimation formed that is likely to be correct as it is based on enough information.
A person who is educated but is not employed in work.
The process of importing knowledge.
The process of acquiring knowledge.
That pertains to education.
The act of pursuing education work.
Institution providing education.
Ability relating to education.
The people, organisation or institution engaged in educational activities. Also called academic world.
The process of acquiring knowledge about having good nutrition and maintaining healthy body.
Parasitic nematode worms of phylum Nematoda that resemble eels.
The consequence of an action.
The result or an action
The result.
When something is made applicable.
Which is powerful in effect.
Existing in fact.
Action which is effective.
It is the economical rate in term of the goods or services for money spent.
A rate at which buying transaction are in fact done rather than officially or theoretically announced rate.
The amount of cash reserve which banks are required to maintain with RBI as a percentage of time and demand liabilities, which is in force.
Control which is effective.
The type of control which has desired or definite effect.
Such type of security over which bank has direct and effective control.
Such type of security over which bank has direct and effective control.
Date on which something is given effect to.
Such requirement of something that actually exists.
Such amount of depreciation which has actually taken place or applied.
To implement in effective manners.
The rate of interest which exists in fact and is operative.
Measures which are effective.
Such type of mortgage which in fact is in control of the mortgage.
Production that is actually made.
The rate which actually exists or is operative.
Rate of duty which is operative.
Resistence which is powerful in effect (impressive).
The rate of selling which in fact exists or transactions are done on that rate.
Services which are powerful in effect (impressive).
Measures which are powerful in effect.
A system of inspecting other 's work which is effective and showing good results.
The actual amount of profit earned on an investment as percentage of the capital invested.
a medicine given for the mental benefit of the patient rather than for any physical effect
The cheques or other instruments deposited by the customers for credit to their accounts for which collecting banker is yet to receive the proceeds.
The cheques or other instruments deposited by the customers for credit to their accounts for which collecting banker is yet to receive the proceeds.
Belongings / possessions of somebody.
Belongings / possessions of somebody.
Capacity to produce beneficial effects.
The quality of being competent.
The quality of being competent.
having a capacity
The audit which is conducted for examining quality or state of being efficient.
The audit which is conducted for examining quality or state of being efficient.
A measure of judging efficiency in employment.
Audit relating to performance with efficiency.
Earnings which have resulted as a result of efficient functioning.
Earnings which have resulted as a result of efficient functioning.
A knowledgeable person who can help providing inputs for conducting things efficiently.
The quality of capital which is working without waste productively.
The labour force which is working well competently.
The labour force which is working well competently.
Relationship between quality of doing something well and effectively and performance.
Relationship between quality of doing something well and effectively and performance.
Who is working impetently / which is productive with minimum efforts.
System of book keeping which is productive with minimum efforts.
System of replenishing merchandis based on actual consumer demand.
Service which is rendered without any flaw or deficiency promptly.
Service which is rendered without any flaw or deficiency promptly.
flowing out
The position when buyers expand efforts to discover price.
to escape from the organ, an accumilation of fluid in the body cavity
That advocates equal rights and opportunity for all.
a female sexual cell for reproduction
In birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish, single celled reproductive body results from fertilization of ovum.
Male reproductive gland producing spermatozoa.
Egg cell together with two synergids in the embryo sac of an angiosperm.
Collection of eggs.
Haploid, female reproductive gamete.
The chamber of oocytes together with nurse cells in insects.
Mass of albumin surrounded by egg shell.
A cover that protects the egg and feed the young in the egg.
The distal part of the ovary that connects it to the uterus.
a protein material present in the egg
a psycological condition of a person, an exaggerated sense of self impoertance
One or the other of two people or one who continue to be alive.
a sudden discharging of fluid from the duct
To drive out by force or compel to leave from property or land.
Expressing in greater detail.
To work out in detail
Time that has passed.
a state of substance, returning to the original shape after being stretched,
Which is able to return to its normal form even after stretching - flexible.
The measure of responsiveness in the quantity demanded by a commodity.
Changes in the quantity taken by the market stemming from expectation by consumer.
Comparison between two factors of production / utility for change.
Supply of something which can be reduced or increased according to requirement.
A covering of elastic material
Wireworm - like insect larva.
The feeling or expression of excitement
The joint of human arm
Auditors who are appointed by election.
Directors who are selected by vote in a meeting.
Person who has been elected to represent (a constituency).
The process of electing.
Duty assigned in connection with election.
Duty assigned in connection with election.
The benefits which you can choose.
Person who has the right of voting.
A group of electors.
List of persons who are ligible to vote.
A body of electors.
a current
related to electric
The act of cauterizing by electrical instrument
Electrical connector can be permanent electrical joint between two wires or devices.
Making necessary arrangements for me of electricity.
loss of sensation is produced by application of an electrical current.
The traceing of heart activity by electrical signals
an instrument, recording the activity of heart
device used for burning, or cutting the skin or other tissues by means of, electric current,
To kill by electric shock
The record obtained by means of the electroencephalograph.
recoding of electrical activity of brain by an electroencephalograph
Destruction of hair follicles by means of galvanic electricity.
An instrument for recording electrical currents generated in an active muscle.
The recording of electrical activity generated in muscle;
the negatively charged subatomic particle
The process through which information / data is processed electronically (by computer etc.).
A device which is run by use of electrons or electronics.
Use of electronic technology in communication.
Pertaining to electrons.
Person having special knowledge in electronics.
A technique to separate molecular particles in an uniform electric field.
an electrical instrument, recording the electrical changes in the retina in response to stimulation by light.
treatment of disease by electricity
An indivisible structure
Dealing with introductory matters.
An analysis which is just introductory and simply not in depth.
Education at primary level.
The function which is of fundamental nature or just introductory.
The essential factor that decide cost.
The factor that involves / necessiates finance from two sources or twice as much.
The factor that involves / necessiates finance from two sources or twice as much.
elephant like enlargement of leg
A disease characterized by the enlargement of affected area caused by parasitic worm that is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Herb of family Compositae with condensed head of sessile flowers.
Institutions which have the capacity to invest in bulk (financial or otherwise).
To raise
A molecule derived by pathogen that induces response in host.
The quality of being eligible.
The quality of being eligible.
A certification to the effect that someone is entitled or fit for something.
Standard of judgement to decide that someone qualify to be chosen.
Circumstances under which case of some one can be considered for sanction of normal credit limit.
A list showing names of elgibile persons.
A test for judging eligibility.
Who is regarded as suitable.
The bills which can be considered for rediscounting by the central bank of the country.
The bills which can be considered for rediscounting by the central bank of the country.
Bills of exchange or promissory note which can be considered for discounting (in banking terms).
Exclude from consideration.
The act of elimination.
Period for which elimination is done.
Enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay, an immunoassay to detect specific antibodies or antigens in sample.
A clear, sweetened, hydroalcoholic liquid
The pay scales which have been lengthened.
The art of speaking effectively.
The act of explaining and clarifying.
To wash out or to remove
An apparatus with series of column having different flow rate and diameter which separates material on the basis of density.
To become abnormally thin
Castration of the male by removal of the testes or penis
Removal of pollen from plant.
An official order restricting some commercial or other activity.
An order of the competent authority restricting some kind of trading or economic activity.
A certificate in respect of boarding a ship or aircraft or for an act of embarking.
The amount of capital with which a new venture has been started.
Cause to feel ackward (by persons).
The state of being embarrassed.
The office of an ambassador.
The anaerobic pathway that converts glucose to lactic acid with a release of net 2 moles of ATP.
It is combination of computer hardware and software either fixed in capability or programmable.
Taking away other 's money fraudulently.
Group of insects mostly found in silken galleries constructed by them.
A symbol.
The gross cash that incorporates or includes all items of cost.
The gross cash that incorporates or includes all items of cost.
the sudden obstruction of a vessel
Creation of raised letters or picture.
A seal that points raised letters.
An organism in the early stages of development.
Part of the seed which gives rise to leaves, stem and root after germination.
Process of development of a plant from a zygote.
deals with the study of embryo
Branch of biology that deals with the study of development of embryo from the formation of zygote to fetus.
Science of development of embryo from the formation of zygote to fetus.
Technique that grows immature embryo into plant.
Structure of a flowering plant in which the embryo develops.
The act of gradually coming out.
Medical condition requiring immediate treatment.
A sudden state of danger requiring immediate action.
An urgent need for assistance or relief
An estimate of future income and expenditure for a specified period prepared on account of unexpected conditions.
A basic unit of semiemen created for emergency.
A basic unit of semiemen created for emergency.
A patient with emergency condition
Loan which is sought or granted in emergent situations.
The rate which may be made applicable for the time being but is negotiable at a later stage.
Relief for persons affected by emergency situation.
Emerging from emergency.
Which are coming into existance.
The amount of petty cash granted to meet emergent needs.
The amount of petty cash granted to meet emergent needs.
Economies which are coming up or registering their presence.
Increasing scene in production area of the market.
The technology which is comparatively new but showing promise for future.
A title that may be given to a full professor who retires in good standing. It is typically awarded for "long and distinguished service".
A title that may be given to a full professor who retires in good standing. It is typically awarded for "long and distinguished service".
A substance which induces vomiting
Person who emigrates.
The process of leaving one 's own country and settle down in another country.
Going to other country for residing.
A prominent structure of bone
Sovereign control over all property in a state with a right to take away from its owner.
Sovereign control over all property in a state with a right to take away from its owner.
A diacharge
Normal vision of eye
Profit from employment.
Profit from employment.
A mental state, such as fear, hate, love, anger, joy etc.
To include someone 's name in a list (for various purposes).
A list of selected officers included.
Proces of inclusion name in the list / panel.
To share the feeling of another.
Hyperinflation of air sacs with destrution of alveolar sacs
based on experienced rather than theory
Information or data which is based on experiment or observation.
An analysis which is conducted by using statistical and mathematical data based on experiment or observation.
An analysis which is conducted by using statistical and mathematical data based on experiment or observation.
Something that prove or disprove which is based on experiment or observation.
Something that prove or disprove which is based on experiment or observation.
Formal examination of information based on experience / observation.
Laws / Rules which are based on experience or observation.
Laws / Rules which are based on experience or observation.
To engage for some work.
One who can be employed or able to be employed.
Who is engaged in some work (on wages).
A labour who has been engaged on work on daily rate of wages.
A labour who has been engaged on work on daily rate of wages.
A person who is having a regular job to do.
A person employed for wages.
Programme meant for assisting employers.
A process of judging performance of an employee.
Mental confidence of an employee.
When the employees participate in work as co - owners.
An organisation of employees.
A scheme for granting compensation to employees in case of need.
A contribution made by employees (towards some fund etc.).
A fund created for future needs of employees.
Safety of employees providing freedom from danger.
Person who employs somebody.
One who has engaged somebody for employment.
Obligation of the employer.
Circumstances where employer is responsible for the act of the employee.
Obligations of the employer.
Department of an organisation looking after matters relating to employment.
The act of employing.
Work done as occupation.
An office run by Government which helps persons to secure employment.
The process of predicting in advance about employing people.
The mode of activity by which work relating to employing people is conducted.
The mode of activity by which work relating to employing people is conducted.
Such schemes which help creating employment opportunities.
When someone is assured for work for a period.
The number by which the number of employment is multiplied.
A notice giving intimation about vacancies available.
Office which helps person in employment matters.
Office which helps person in employment matters.
The work or process through which funds are used or invested.
Which help getting employment.
Which are directed towards getting employment.
The process of helping people in securing employment.
Which can be capable of providing employment opportunities.
Which can be capable of providing employment opportunities.
Chances of getting employment.
The process of making employment regular
The condition relating to employment.
The position in which some one is engaged or employed.
Elongated structure between the claws of the tarsi of insects and arachnids.
Make someone able to have better living.
To give power or to make able.
To give power or make able.
Right to purchase.
Right to purchase.
The presence of pus in the body cavity especialy in the chest
Concentrated insecticide or pesticide which is diluted before used as a spray.
A process of making an emulsion
A substance used to make an emulsion
A mixture of two liquids not mutually soluble
Power that render someone able to perform something.
To make a proposal into law.
To act or to perform.
To make a law.
Passing of law by legislature.
Act passed by legislature (Law).
Law that has been annuled.
To cover, or surface
A hard outer covering of the teeth.
To exchange for cash.
Which can be exchanged for cash.
The process of converting cheque into cash.
To surrender something for cash.
Act of exchanging (encashing).
The act of encashing against something.
Such credit facilities which have been converted into cash.
A list prepared for encashments allowed / granted.
Territory of one state surrounded by other state.
To attain with a letter.
Something eclosed with a letter.
An enclosed area or counter where cashier sits in the bank.
An enclosed area or counter where cashier sits in the bank.
The process of turning / converting into code.
The process of turning / converting into code.
To inspire for gaining confidence.
Intrude on another 's territory or rights.
Burdening with debt or creation of charge.
Property / estate on which charge has been created or against which loan has been obtained.
Property / estate on which charge has been created or against which loan has been obtained.
Burdened with (some obligation).
To Stop the life
A last point of the area or body part
One who buys goods or uses services ultimately.
An attempt which is made earnestly.
An attempt which is made earnestly.
Repeated occurance of disease in the population in a paricular area
Continued prevalence of disease in a specific area or population.
The initial amount of capital that has been invested / provided into a new company for some purpose.
Inner most layer of the heart.
The inner layer of pericarp of fruit.
Secreting internally,
A gland, secrets the secretion directly into the blood
The inner layer of cuticle in the insect.
The inner most layer of developing embryo
The innermost layer of the primary germ layer.
Epithelium developed from endoderm germ layer.
The innermost layer of the cortex that surround the vascular tissue in root and stem.
Pollination between flowers of same plant.
The supply of money which is decided within the system.
Produced within a cell or organism
Originating inside the organism.
The movement of business in a cyclic way that is originating from within an organisation.
Variable in an economic model explained or predicted by that model.
The inner layer of uterine wall.
A parasite that lives within the body.
The inner most layer of phallus in insects.
A granular less viscous centre portion of the cytoplasm of a cell.
Eukaryotic organelle which facilitate protein folding and trasport.
The innermost principal branch attached to the locomotive appendages of Crustacea.
The study deals with endocrine glands
Endorder traversal is an algorithm which is described for a binary tree.
Transferring in favour of another.
To make a transfer of a bill of exchange to another person.
To confirm or ratify.
Declare one 's approval of.
To support or approve something.
To confirm / verify something (a statement or an opinion).
To write one 's signature on the back of a negotiable instrument.
To write one 's signature on the back of a negotiable instrument.
A cheque which has been endorsed.
A cheque which has been endorsed.
Person to whom the endorsed cheque has been delivered.
Person whose name has been specified on the back of the instrument, as payee is called endorsee.
Writing of one 's name on the back of a bill of exchange / cheque etc. with intention to transfer to another.
The act of endorsing.
When the maker or the holder of a negotiable instrument signs the same otherwise than as such maker, for the purpose of negotiation.
The act of endorsing or declare one 's approval of something.
When an endorser adds the words "Notice of dishonour waived" it becomes facultative endorsement.
Bank notes are currency in general is taken for granted representing only a means of payment (without any endorsement).
When the endorement is qualified by some condition.
Where the endorsee does not acquire right of further negotiation.
An endorsement that does not involve any cost.
Under this type of endorsement, the endorser is freed from all liability.
When an endorser of a negotiable instrument may by express words in the instrument exclude his own liability thereon.
When an endorser of a negotiable instrument may by express words in the instrument exclude his own liability thereon.
By writing the name of the person to whom bill should be payable it becomes special endorement.
A person who signs the instrument for negotiation.
A person who signs the instrument for negotiation.
A device, observing the inside hallow tract or organ
Inspection of the body organs or cavities with the endoscope.
The flow of fluid from lower concentration to higher concentration through semipermeable membrane.
Tissue in the seed that surround and protect the embryo.
The tissue that fills the interior of the interseptal chambers partially in madreporarian corals.
cosisting of endothelium
Maternal death due to intra - uterine birth.
The development of the egg inside the body of the mother.
A poisonous substance remains within the body of a bacterium.
Within the trachea.
Passsage of the tube through the nose or mouth into the trachea
A sum of money given to an institution for creating a source of income.
Creating a source of income for charity purposes by investing funds.
A type of insurance that pays you an agreed sum of money after a period of time.
Type of edowment insurance policy where benefits like bonus etc. do not accrue.
Insurance policy where double the amount of insurance is paid.
To set aside or make provision for income for some specific use / purpose.
A form of life insurance involving payment by the insurance company of a fixed sum on a specified date or on happening of some event.
Type of insurance policy which is essentially meant for endowing.
The simplest form of endowment insurance.
Endpoint node is used in SNA - based network.
Something that is produced in an industrial process.
The final result of a process or activity.
A process of evaluating a system 's ability to handle a constant, moderate work load for a long time.
How something is finally uses.
Applying / using the loan amount for the purpose it was sanctioned.
Utilising the amount of money (funds) for which there are meant for or aimed at.
One who is strenuously active.
Power that is used to provide heat.
The capacity to do work;
Such industries which consume a lot of energy.
The Indian Government securities, the principle and interest of which are enfaced as payable in rupees.
The act of inscribing, engraving etc.
To compel to observe.
To compel observance of something.
The condition of being enforceable.
The process of enforcing.
The process of enforcing orders as compulsion
The process of enforcing orders as compulsion
Unit which is responsible with the mark of enforcing.
To appoint for work.
The amount of capital that has been employed / booked.
The state of being appointed.
Any formal promise.
A diary where promised commitments are recorded.
a study that deals with genesis
The science relating to application of designing, building and use of machines etc.
The science relating to application of designing, building and use of machines etc.
Work for xx engaged in work related to engineering.
Work for xx engaged in work related to engineering.
Translated in English.
Excessive filled structure, or body cavity
The process or act of making large scale purchase which are not real but speculative.
The act of wholesale purchases.
The rate which has been increased.
The act of enhancing.
A process of improvement.
Improving the relative position in the society.
Improving the relative position in the society.
Issue instructions.
To have the use or benefit of something.
To have the use or benefit of something.
To have the use or benefit of something.
Which is in expanded form.
Which is in expanded form.
The capital which has been expanded or has become larger.
To make larger.
Becoming large in size and shape
To admit into institution.
To get the name included in the list.
To enroll in a list.
To enroll or process of listing.
The act of enlisting.
To ask for information.
Asking probing questions.
An act of seeking information or find out facts.
A purpose built table where information is made available to visitors / clients.
Office where information is available.
Officer appointed to conduct enquiry.
Improving quality.
To admit as a member.
To become a member.
Enrol one 's name in the list.
The serial number of register where name has been enrolled.
On the way (to destination).
Which is coming afterwards.
The season which may witness brisk or shortened business activity and is likely to commence soon.
To make sure.
Inflammation of the mucous membrane of an intestine
Business undertaking.
Income generated by an enterprise.
A contract which is whole or complete covering all the relate matters / aspects.
A contract which is whole or complete covering all the relate matters / aspects.
Period of total service.
Right to have something.
To give a right.
A just right to have or to do something.
A just right to have or to do something.
A just right to have or to do something.
When some right to do or to receive something has been earned.
Amount to which one is entitled to.
Class (of accommodation) to which one is entitled to (travel).
The state of being entitled.
The state of being entitled for something.
Something with distinct / independent existence which may be an organisation or a unit of it.
Something with distinct / independent existence which may be an organisation or a unit of it.
Something with distinct / independent existence which may be an organisation or a unit of it.
Door or gate or passage through which one enters.
Examination conduction for judging the candidate for admission to some institution / service etc.
Fees required to be paid for admission.
One who enters or competes.
Firmly involved in business activities.
A ware house for temporary storage of goods in transit.
A bond executed by a person who is using warehouse for storing goods in transit.
When trade is conducted from a commercial centre for import and export and for collection and distribution.
When trade is conducted from a commercial centre for import and export and for collection and distribution.
A person who takes the risk to undertake a venture.
The capital which an entrepreneur uses for conducting business.
The amount which has been invested by an entrepreneur in the business.
A keen desire to undertake business with the chance of profit or loss.
The readiness or desire to undertake an enterprise - a personal attribute.
A programme, may be training type to incalculate the desire of being a successful entrepreneur.
A programme, may be training type to incalculate the desire of being a successful entrepreneur.
Turning inward of a part.
Assign a responsibility to some one in trust.
To give responsibility to a person in whom one has confidence to do some work.
A written record made in a book etc.
To come into the body
The process of writing down of an item or transaction in the banks of records.
The act of coming in or entering.
An entry to put in correct position to match it.
An entry which is not favourable.
After which no entry is made in the books.
An entry which is raised against another.
An entry made for correcting something.
Entry passed for credit (received) side.
Entry passed for debiting.
Entry which is recovered in one ledger in debit side and in another credit side.
An entry recorded in journal.
An entry posted in ledger.
Job which is of elementary state.
When one is required to pay some charges in joining some scheme like mutual fund etc.
Goods which are entering through coast.
Remarks which are to be recorded.
Entry which is first in order.
Entry which has happened first.
Written permission to allow entry.
An entry made to rectify some mistake.
A method of passing entries which are recorded in one / ledger only.
An entry giving effect of transfer from one head of account to another.
The process of counting one by one.
The process of counting one by one.
The process of explaining or describing something.
The process of explaining or describing something.
Which has been counted.
The act of enumerating.
inability to control discharge of urine
Surroundings affecting the living of people.
the conditions or curcumstances which surround an organism
Physical condition affecting people 's lives.
All living and non - living things occurring naturally on Earth and their interaction with each other.
The surrounding conditions.
Totality of once surroundings, which is related to living.
Surroundings or conditions which are conducive.
a factor present in the surroundings of an organism
To form a picture in the mind of something likely to come.
A person representing a government in another country.
protein that induces or increases a chemical reaction in the body
A protein in the living organism that catalyze biochemical reaction.
A protein in the living organism that catalyze biochemical reaction.
Inflammation of the meninges in which high percentage of eosinophils is present in the cerebrospinal fluid due to Angiostrongylus cantonensis infection.
File which is transistory.
A register which is of transistory nature.
Small flies commonly known as mayflies present in aquatic region.
A process of rapid growth of outer layer of cells to envelop slowly dividing cells.
Whorl of small bracts outside the calyx.
Genus of kingdom Animalia with long body and smooth cuticle.
a projection at the end of the long bone upon the condyle which is a place for attachment of tendons and ligaments
of or related to epicranium i. e. the upper part of the head which consists of skin, muscles etc. covering the skull
A groove that starts from top of the head and branches toward the compound eyes.
The outermost waxy layer of the exoskeleton present in insect and various other arthropods.
An outbreak of disease.
a disease which is spreading rapidly and affecting a large number of people at the same time
a disease caused by a parasitic threadlike worm living in blood and lymphatic tissue which is transmitted by mosquitoes and can cause obstruction of lymph vessels.
the branch of medicine that deals with study of occurance, cause, transmission, prevention and treatment of epidemic diseases.
the outermost layer of the skin which is nonvascular
The upper layer of cells that covers all plant part.
The upper layer of cells that covers dermis.
the long, coiled tube present in scrotum which carries sperms from testis to vas deferens
A coiled tube like structure within the scrotum present at posterior aspect of the testis.
related to epigastrium i. e. the upper and middle part of the abdomen.
Germination in which cotyledons remain on the new shoot and function as true leaves.
Factor outside the gene that can change a phenotype.
a cartilagenous plate which covers the glottis during swallowing to prevent food from entering the trachea
Having florals part attached to the tip of the ovary.
removal of hair from the body
The epidermal cells of rootlets, adapted for absorbance.
a disease of the nervous system characterized by impaired consciousness with or without convulsions
a chronic neurological disorder which is marked by violent involuntary contraction of muscles with impaired consciousness
of or related to or affected by epilepsy
Dorsal portion of mesoderm consisting of somites, present in the early embryo of vertebrates.
The downward movement of leaves due to rapid growth of upper layer in leaves.
Having attached to the petals.
Scelite in the genital chamber present in some orthopterans.
Position above the pharynx.
overflow of tears down the face due to imperfect drainage
the end of a long bone that is originally separated from the shaft by a plate of cartilage, but later fuses with it
Plant that grow on another plant for mechanical support.
A vulval flap found in nematode.
a surgical incision taken through the perineum to enlarge vagina and assist childbirth
an incident or occurrence
A small unit of DNA that can integrate into the chromosomes or can exist independently.
The interaction between two genes, where one gene mask the effect of another gene.
bleeding from the nose
The groove between the frons and the clypeus.
a cellular membranous tissue which lines the cavities and surfaces of structures throughout the body
The layer of cell that line the cavities and covers the whole surface of the body.
Summary of a written work.
Living on the surface of an organism externally.
Having the same amount or quantity as another.
To even up or to get the same number of points as others.
making something equal or uniform
An error which equalises the other of same value.
A fund created to equalise the level of deficit in other account.
Situation where people have the same rights.
The state of being equal in the matter of levying tax.
The methods of making equal or compensate by imposing fees.
The methods of making equal or compensate by imposing fees.
The process of making equal or to even up the assessment of tax by adopting same yardstick.
The process of making equal or to even up the assessment of tax by adopting same yardstick.
Each one to get same opportunity.
An idea where one should be paid the same amount as another for same type of work.
A diagram that represents all those input combination which are capable of producing the same level.
A rule that elaborates equality in value.
a mathematical statement denoting the equality of two things
That identifies the mathematical relationship that exists between the money supply price level and volume of economic activity.
a circle that divides a body into two equal and symmetrical parts
Balance between different forces.
a state in which two or more things remain stable in relation to each other
a stable or evenly balanced condition
Balance between opposite forces.
An analysis to know the state of equilibrium.
The act of combining for the purpose of balancing.
The type of exchange which has effect of equalisation.
Such exchange rate which ensure balance.
Such interest rates which can ensure balancing in different rates.
When the supply of a particular commodity matches its demand.
In chemical reaction, a point at which rate of forward reaction is equal to rate of backward reaction.
When the price of a product produces the maximum profitability.
When the demand and supply of one product match with each other.
This is a theory that states distribution of income among various goods that the utility derived from the last rupee is same.
It is an extension of the law of diminishing marginal utility.
of, related to or similar to horse
Special tools / articles etc. required for a particular activity.
Loan facility for acquiring equipment.
The business or system of providing equipment on lease basis.
Such equipment which has been taken / given on lease.
A bond required to be executed by be lessee for acquiring equipments on lease.
Just and fair distribution.
An asset in which ownership is with the owner but the other party has an interest or right in it.
An asset in which ownership is with the owner but the other party has an interest or right in it.
When something is distributed amongst many in a fair and just manner.
When something is distributed amongst many in a fair and just manner.
An interest which is not dependent on common law but on the principles of equity.
Where no one has an unfair advantage.
The issued ordinary capital of a company.
The application of the principles of justice to supplement the law.
That earns interest which is linked to stock prices or any other equity index.
These are the basic shares of a company and is also considered as risk capital or equities.
These are the basic shares of a company and is also considered as risk capital or equities.
The popular fashion of dealing in equity by a section of the society.
Market where transactions / deals relating to equity / shares are done.
Market where transactions / deals relating to equity / shares are done.
When right to redeem (mortgage etc.) is available on payment of due amount. It also gives right to the mortgagee to sell the property on default after following due process.
The rate at which net worth of a company is moving.
When equity market is flushed with buying momentum.
This is another term used for ordinary share of a company.
This is another term used for ordinary share of a company.
The practice of dealing in shares.
The amount which is equal to.
Having the same value.
Which is equal to (something in value etc.).
having equal grade, value, importance or effect
The assets which are identical in function, meaning or effect (may be value also).
Words which convey more than one meaning.
Long time period.
A chemical agent to get rid of pathogens from diseased plant.
To get rid of.
To uproot.
To get rid of pathogen or plants that carry pathogen.
complete elimination or destruction
The act of erasing.
enlargement and hardening of a body part, especially penis, when filled with blood
Granular endoplasmic reticulum which shows an affinity for basic dyes.
Conduct * * * * * study of interse relationship of workers and working environment.
The study of interse - relationship of workers and their working environment.
Who conducts study of relationship between workers and environment affecting etc.
a process of wearing
When there is disregard to observe the discipline of timely repayment of dues.
When the value of an assets is destroying gradually.
When the value of an assets is destroying gradually.
When the value of an assets is destroying gradually.
capable of producing sexual arousal
abnormally excessive sexual desire
A list of errors in printing.
The movement of work being irregular.
A general direction or tendency which does not move in one direction but may show divergent movement.
The unit that processes is making error or mistake.
An action which is based on an error or facts which are not correct.
An action which is based on an error or facts which are not correct.
Payments which are band on error.
A mistake.
A wrong act.
defect, inaccuracy or mistake
The condition of being incorrect or wrong in conduct or judgement or a mistake.
The condition of being incorrect or wrong in conduct or judgement or a mistake.
Despite full care errors and omissions may be there which are subject to rectification.
Some mistake in writing.
A mistake on account of commission.
A mistake an account of omission.
A report that indicates the nature / type of error and details thereto.
Such type of mistakes which may be on account of wrong posting or by not taking into account while posting / entering etc.
An error which counter balance the effect.
A mistake occuring while taking decision.
Errors arising on account of principle (rule).
An indication that for any genuine mistake both parties will be liable.
To put right the mistakes.
sudden appearance of a skin lesion
abnormal redness of the skin caused by congestion of capillaries
Deciduous tree of family Fabaceae having pinnate leaves, dense clusters of scarlet or crimson flowers and black seeds.
a cell in the blood which contains hemoglobin and which transports oxygen and carbon dioxide to and from the tissues
To increase or intensify.
The act of escalation.
When there is increase in the cost of material / labour etc. due to inflation etc. factors the other party (buyer) is asked to meet that increase by levying such charge.
When there is increase in the cost of material / labour etc. due to inflation etc. factors the other party (buyer) is asked to meet that increase by levying such charge.
Situation when there is increase in demand in some commodity / service.
When there is increasing trend in the price level.
Such cost which may be avoidable.
leakage or flow of a liquid
running away from a danger or confinement
A palnt which was not found naturally earlier but now produced without being planted.
A provision in some agreement etc. which provides an opportunity to get away in time of need.
A way of escape.
A period of temporary relief from worry.
Persons or vehicles accompanying special guests / VIPs as security or mark of respect.
One or more person accompanying another person either for providing protection or as a mark of honour.
Money or property kept in the custody of a third party until a specific condition is fulfilled.
It is a written document which provides evidence of obligation between two or more parties which is kept with a person who is not a party to it.
Account opened with a bank in which the subscription amount of shares etc. is deposited and retained till terms of issue are not fulfilled / completed by the company.
inflammation of the esophagus or gullet
a muscular tube by which food and drink are carried from the mouth to stomach
A method by test or trial.
Branches which are indispensable and fundamental keeping in view their nature of work.
Branches which are indispensable and fundamental keeping in view their nature of work.
Something which is of basic necessity for life.
necessary or indispensable
Commodities which are essential for life.
Such things / commodities which are absolutely necessary for living.
Commodities which have been declared as essential commodity under law.
Services (duties) which have been declared essential under law in force.
A basic distinctive or prominent characteristic.
A basic distinctive or prominent characteristic.
Industry which is of fundamental nature or importance.
Such type of certification which shows that something is necessarily required.
An essential form of symbiosis in which the movement of one organism is carried out by another.
The educational etc. qualification that is must for somebody to be considered for a post.
The educational etc. qualification that is must for somebody to be considered for a post.
Utility services like supply of water / electricity etc.
Facts which have been proved.
Who is a reputed entity in the field of imports.
A person who is engaged in import of things and has earned a good reputation and acceptance in the market.
Such a market which has achieved a permanently acceptable status and has earned good reputation in market dealings.
Such a market which has achieved a permanently acceptable status and has earned good reputation in market dealings.
A way of doing things which is in practice since long and has wider acceptability.
A way of doing things which is in practice since long and has wider acceptability.
The process of production which is working well since long without any problem.
A measure of quality which serves as a basis or example to which others should conform, which has wider acceptability.
A business organisation or a public institution.
Audio of the controlling group within the organisation looking after work relating to staff.
A register which is maintained for audit of establishment (deptt.).
Statement of cost relating to establishment.
Charges in respect of establishment.
Group of people who look after work relating to establishment on regular basis.
A section in the organisation assigned the job of looking after matters relating to staff.
Recoveries relating to establishment.
Tax levied on the property of a person after his death.
That refers to landed property.
The property left by a deceased person.
An agency dealing in sale and purchase of property.
A tax payable by the inheritor of the property of deceased if the value of property exceed the stipulated amount.
The act or process of managing estate.
The amount of tax levied on estate if the aggregate value of estate exceeds the prescribed ceiling as fixed by law.
a chemical compound formed by chemical reaction between alcohol and an acid with release of water
Roughly calculated value of something.
Estimation of value.
Preliminary calculation of something.
To try to judge the value / cost etc. of something.
to judge or evaluate approximately
An approximate / rough judgement / calculation of cost, value or size etc.
Value of cost that has been estimated.
Amount of approximate expenditure that is likely to be incurred.
An estimation of value that can be obtained / collected for something.
The amount of weight that has been estimated.
The activity relating to work connected with process of estimation.
Details of probable expenditure.
In budgetary exercise the process of estimation of proposed expenditure.
approximate calcuation or evaulation
rough judgment or calculation or assessment
Estimating the quantity of stock pertaining to capital nature.
One who is engaged in estimating value of something.
Having no stipulets.
Collection of fruit derived from several pistils of a single flower.
cleaning soap made by using ether which is generally intended for surgeon 's use
Such a person is known as an ethical hacker who has the experties in computer and network expert and attacks a security system on behalf of its owners, seeking defenselessness that a malevolent hacker could exploit.
It is a program which runs via a network finding out for machines those have specific software that requires updating, if it finds such software, it silently installs the update or patch.
A policy that confirms to the standard of conduct.
The science of moral rules in human conduct.
Branch of science that deals with study of animal behavior.
An immature, prolamellar bodies containing chloroplast.
Development of a plant in the absence of sunlight characterized by pale yellow color and weak stem.
Development of a plant in the absence of sunlight characterized by pale yellow color and weak stem.
A yellowish coloring matter found in the plants developed in the absence of sunlight.
The branch of science that deals with the study of cause and origin of disease.
Conventionally accepted rules of social behaviour.
And which has been indicated below.
A flowering tree of family Myrtaceae, the wood of the tree is valued as timber.
a volatile oil obtained from the leaves of eucalyptus
an essential oil which is obtained from the leaves of eucalyptus
A form of larva present in Cynipid family which has segmented thorax and abdomen and the limbs of the thorax are well developed to rupture em - bryonic membrane.
An organism whose cells contains membrane - bound nucleus.
a male whose testes have been removed or destroyed especially before puberty
A plant of family Euphorbiaceae cultivated as hedge plant.
A plant of family Euphorbiaceae also known as Crown of Thorns.
A plant of family Euphorbiaceae and is used in herbal medicine for its antioxidant and antiviral activities.
An ornamental plant of family Euphorbiaceae which lacks spines and the branches are often arranged in pseudowhorls.
an exaggerated feeling of well - being which is generally abnormal
Bonds which are issued by consortium of banks and designated in dollars and some other European currencies.
It is a system which allow access to one 's domestic bank account while travelling in European countries.
A short term paper (promissory note) issued in currency other than the currency of issuing country.
It is an organisation of agencies / banks which deal in euro currencies which in fact means US dollars.
It is a market which mainly deals in US dollars. The word euro only indicates that it has derived this name from Europe.
An organisation of some European countries relating to common trade matters.
This is monetary unit which has come into being after establishment of the European Monetary System.
This is monetary unit which has come into being after establishment of the European Monetary System.
An organisation of some European countries in the matter of economic market matters.
An organisation of European countries for free movement of trade amongst themselves.
An agreement amongst contain European countries regarding monetary matters.
It was an organisation of 18 members of European countries that existed between 1950 and 1958 and later merged into European Monetary Agreement.
A plan of European countries for return to the normal state (after it was deteriorated).
a narrow tube that leading from the middle ear up to nasopharynx
The phenomenon in which the number of cells remains constant within individuals of a given species.
an intentional and painless killing of an individual to relieve suffering from an incurable illness
Genus of nematodes associated with the rhizosphere of common reed.
an agent increasing evacuation of feces
To remove from an area.
Persons who have been removed from their places.
Avoid doing something.
Avoiding making payment of due taxes etc.
Act of assessing the value of something.
To ascertain or assess the value of something.
A committee constituted to undertake the work of evaluation.
Carefully considering the usefulness and value of assets.
Carefully considering the usefulness and value of assets.
One who is engaged in the work of evaluating.
vanishing or disappearing quickly
conversion of liquid to vapour state
A cooler where moisture changes into vapour.
Act of evading (due taxes etc).
Evading payment of due tax.
Not observing the prohibitions imposed.
When some person or organisation deliberately fail to declare true income liable to tax.
The process through which attempt to offset the market ensured.
A number that is divisible by Two (2).
The process of making difference smaller by making payment in driblets.
Scrips which are without variance.
What comes at the end of the process.
The act of disposing something ultimately.
Which can correct ultimately.
The pay that is paid while one is separating from service.
Plants and shrubs having leaves throughout the year.
outward rotation or turning of the foot
Which is happening very frequently.
To expel a tenant from property by following a legal process.
Indicating (generally before a court of law) whether or not a thing is true or valid.
basis or ground for a belief
Something presented to prove whether or not a thing is true or valid.
Something that serve to prove the debt.
Evidence that proves the title of something claimed by someone.
removal of an organ or its content from the body
gradual development or alteration into a more complex and better form
A process which involves evolutionary development in population of organism through successive generations.
A classification that depends on evolution of biological diversity.
To develop gradually.
Former and still living.
aggravation in the severity of a disease
Which is accurate.
Interest which is calculated with full details on day - to - day basis.
Stock which is fully accurate.
Where no right is vested.
Which is without or excluding (of rights etc.)
Testing of knowledge or skill or process of examining.
inspection of the patient for signs of disease
inspection or investigation which helps in the diagnosis of a disease
Examination that is providing confirmation.
Internal examination conducted for department.
Examination for division level test.
The process of formally analysing the books and other records.
Examination for Revenue Audit (for posts).
Examination for subordinate accounts service.
Examination for subordinate Railway Audit Service.
Those who are appearing for examination.
One who is examining.
Something shown on a pattern.
Which has been foreseen or which is expected.
Investment which is not on account of a sudden decision or development but has been foreseen or planned in advance.
Investment which is not on account of a sudden decision or development but has been foreseen or planned in advance.
Such saving which is well planned and not out of a sudden decision.
Such a transaction which is not an unexpected event.
eruption on the skin occuring as a sign of some infectious diseases
A pupa with immovable mandibles present in arthropods.
Post which is outside the cadre post.
Post which is outside the created cadre.
Post which does not fall within the cadre created.
To uncover by digging.
The quality of being excellent.
Which is extremely good
A clause relation to risk which is not of general nature but exceptional.
An instance that does not follow a general rule.
That forms an exception.
Case which forms an exception.
Circumstances which are unusual.
Circumstances / conditions which are unusual or typical type and extraordinary.
To make an exception (or ignore) to the rule.
Which is more than the permitted level.
Which is in abundance.
High - hundedness.
Preparing bill for an amount which is more than real amount of purchases.
Capacity which is more than the normal (In the context of production etc.) or when actual output is lower than the installed capacity.
Demand of something which is over abundance.
Demand of something which is over abundance.
Amount of tax which has been charged more than the due amount.
The book where excess fare charged is recorded.
A ticket issued for excess fare.
Amount of grant which is more than stipulated.
Agricultural land holding which is more than the permissible limit or ceiling.
Stock of goods which is more than stipulated.
The amount of financing that has been provided when exceed reasonable / proper or realistic limits.
The amount of financing that has been provided when exceed reasonable / proper or realistic limits.
The limit of credit facility which is more than the desirable limit.
When an organisation is maintaining more than the cash required to meet its financial obligations or debts in time in cash.
Which is more than described level.
The amount which left over the amount of appropriation.
Amount that exceeds estimate.
The amount which exceeds the estimated amount.
Amount that exceeds.
Amount that has been paid more than desired.
When amount paid is more than the actual amount required to be paid.
To much profit.
Profit exceeding than what is required (surplus).
Profit exceeding than what is required (surplus).
Tax which is payable on excess tax earned.
When provision for payment of income tax is made more than the amount so required.
Remittance which is more than the desired amount.
Reserves which are more than the stipulated limits or more than what is needed.
Reserves which are more than the stipulated limits or more than what is needed.
The sum paid against the amount demanded for new issue of shares etc. which is more than the total demanded amount.
A thing which is available in more quantity than demanded or needed.
Giving one thing and receiving another in its place.
giving something in return for something received
Which is eligible for being exchanged, and possesses the requisite quality for exchange.
Which is eligible for being exchanged, and possesses the requisite quality for exchange.
Which forms the base or the foundation or main ingredient for exchange.
Which forms the base or the foundation or main ingredient for exchange.
The value which can be received on exchange of the currency with another currency.
When the spot rate of exchange is more than par value.
Account where transactions relating to exchange are booked.
A written summary of exchange account.
Objections raised in connection with exchange account.
When spot rate of exchange of currency is below par or at a discount.
When spot rate of exchange of currency is above par or at a premium.
When spot rate of exchange of currency is above par or at a premium.
When the forward rate of exchange is same as the spot rate.
When exchange is forbidden officially.
A bank dealing in exchange of currencies.
When rates of exchange are below the market / spot rate.
The branch of a bank which deals mainly in foreign exchange transactions.
A person who unite buyers and sellers on the foreign exchange market.
An office or department for transacting business relating to exchange of currencies.
An office or department for transacting business relating to exchange of currencies.
The process of presenting chequest etc. or other instruments concerning foreign exchange through the banking procedure for their ultimate payment.
Business agreements between two or more parties relating to foreign exchange.
Business agreements between two or more parties relating to foreign exchange.
A legal control over holding, receiving and transferring foreign currency (on person / entitiles).
The authority / official which has been designated / established for controlling exchange control.
A copy of the document (s) relating to exchange matters which is required to be forwarded to exchange control authority.
Rule (s) or Law (s) by the competent authority to regulate the transaction relating to foreign exchange.
The process exchanging foreign currencies.
A special desk where exchange related matters are attended to.
The amount set aside to meet a liability in exchange related matters.
Money or profits earned / made due to fluctuations in rate of exchange of the currencies.
Money or profits earned / made due to fluctuations in rate of exchange of the currencies.
A fund held by the central bank of a country that contains the foreign currency and can be used to stabilise the value of the currency of the country as and when necessary.
A clearing house type of organisation that provides clearing and settlement services for financial transactions.
The process of retaining of a rate of exchange in order to stabilise the market (generally by govt. or authority concerned).
The act or technique of managing foreign exchange related matters.
The market where dealings / transactions relating to foreign exchange take place.
The mode through which exchange is conducted or means through which something (currencies) is exchanged.
An account maintained in respect of notes / coins which are exchanged.
Process of receiving and giving information.
A special right in connection with foreign exchange.
The price of one currency in terms of another.
This is a system of calculating in terms of weighted average of all European Monetary System currencies for the purpose of stabilising currencies of members.
Relationship between value of one currency and another currency
The act of allowing exchange within certain limits imposed.
The chance of loosing money in foreign exchange transactions.
A place where transactions relating to shares takes place or routed through.
A slip prepared reflecting brief details of exchange transaction.
When there is not much variance / fluctuations in the exchange rates.
A fund created to stabilise the value of own currency against other international currencies.
A rate of exchange which is for short period (ad hoc).
Value of one currency in terms of another.
When a clause in business agreements is incorporated detailing how the variation in the exchange rates will be dealt with.
An enclosed place where exchange takes place.
The doctrine of exchange.
Funds in national treasury.
The national treasury where all receipts of national revenues and distribution of funds is accounted for.
The bonds issued by the government.
Public funds.
On which excise duty can be levied.
A type of tax levied on certain goods produced in the country.
A type of tax levied on certain goods produced in the country.
Department looking after work relating to excise matters.
Duty (tax) levied on good / commodities produced within the country.
A tax levied on (certain) goods produced in the country (India).
Some concessions granted in excise duty matters.
A stamp affixed by the excise department for having paid the excise duty on goods produced.
A tax levied on the production of certain goods in the country.
surgical removal of a tissue, organ or tumour
stimulation
To prevent from admitting.
To keep out from something.
To refuse admission.
Act of excluding.
A clause which excludes or modifies a contract that would otherwise in part of that interact by implication of law.
Which is not to be shared or divided by other.
An agreement which is for someone exclusively or for some specific purpose.
Who enjoys sole right of dealing in something.
A dealer who deals exclusively in the commodity / product.
An area within which one can only operate.
With all others excluded (only).
With all others excluded (only).
Powers which have been vested by excluding others.
Authority enjoyed by someone which are not shared with any other.
Powers / authority assigned to without someone else sharing it.
The movement of a fluid through a semipermeable membrane from higher concentration to lower concentration.
superficial injury to skin
an abnormal outgrowth from a surface
waste matter, such as urine or feces, eliminated from the body
elimination of metabolic wastes from the body
The process of discharging unwanted waste matter of metabolism from body.
A biological system that removes unwanted waste matter of metabolism from body and maintains homeostasis.
To forgive.
Where dividend will not be paid to the purchaser (of shares).
A process in which fluid flows out from the blood vessels through small pores or breaks in the vessels.
Value that does not include tax.
Person who executes a deed etc.
To carry out.
To carry into effect or to carry out.
To make legal and valid by signing (a document etc.).
When an agreement is duly signed and sealed by the concerned parties.
When an agreement is duly signed and sealed by the concerned parties.
The work relating to or process of implementing / complying with the awards.
The work relating to or process of implementing / complying with the awards.
The process or act of executing a contract.
The process or act of executing a contract.
An instrument in writing, then signed and sealed.
A paper that provides information and can be relied upon as proof or evidence.
Construction work which is in progress.
A senior officer in the organisation responsible for managing / directing things.
A wing of the Government responsible for making sure that laws are implemented properly.
Some one who has an important job in the administration of an organisation.
A committee which is responsible for day - to - day management including execution of decisions.
An agreement that relates to execution.
Authority responsible for execution of something.
A higher class (above general category).
A committee constituted to oversee the implementation of decisions.
An advisory body for execution.
A person in whose favour an order or decree of execution has been issued by a competent court (for recovery etc.).
An order issued by the competent authority for implementing a decision of the government.
Authority related to execution.
Officials responsible for administrative work.
Staff which is responsible for carrying out decisions / policies.
Staff which is responsible for carrying out decisions / policies.
It is a complex trade agreement that defines rules of conduct of trade policy.
One who carries out (work or instructions).
Accounts maintained for execution.
Which provides a good example for others to follow.
Severe punishment intended to be a warning for others.
To freeing from obligation or rule.
Those who are eligible to be groupped for availing service which is exempt.
Goods which are free from some duty etc. which is imposed on others.
The act of exemption.
The act of freeing or exempting something from a rule or an obligation.
A certificate indicating exemption from a rule etc.
Exempting from making payment.
When some clause is inserted in agreements etc. which will grant exemption from applicability from some rules.
When somebody or some goods are released from the liability of paying tax.
Service which is free from obligation which is imposed on others.
Use of application as a habit.
Practice or active use or operations to develop or understand a skill.
To put authority into action.
When some eligible voter casts his vote.
This is price on which a holder of the call / put option may buy / sell the shares / security.
a strenuous effort which may be physical or mental
Price that include all cost of production.
Such price of a product charged at the factory (outside).
falling off or removal of superficial layers of skin in the form of scales
Price which is to be charged at the godown (outside).
Something given as a favour.
Something given as a favour.
Amount granted by Govt. as help.
The amount payable as help.
Payment made as a favour.
Payment which is being granted as a matter of favour.
Payment made as ex - gratia.
breathing out
the process of expelling air out from the lungs
Resources will come to an end by consuming or use and are not renewable.
Resources will come to an end by consuming or use and are not renewable.
state of being exremely fatigued
Which is comprehensive or thorough.
An agreement for giving effect to some transaction that has been prepared in a comprehensive manner.
An agreement for giving effect to some transaction that has been prepared in a comprehensive manner.
The expenditure which has left no energy to spend further.
The expenditure which has left no energy to spend further.
A permit that covers a wider area and is comprehensive.
The price which has been used up completely - the last price.
To show something to the public.
Which is being displayed to the public.
Public display of objects (work of art, product etc.).
Showing everybody the losses.
something causing mental excitement or refreshment
act of digging out a corpse from grave
Removal by cutting.
Which are urgent and pressing requirements.
Pressing requirement.
The status when scanty market opportunities are only available.
The status when scanty market opportunities are only available.
A term related to exports and imports.
Outside India.
Availing leave outside India.
The outer layer of pollen grain.
Which does not include interest component.
Practice which is being followed presently.
Seeking views of persons going out after performing something.
The charges levied when some investor wants to withdraw from the scheme or discontinue his investment in a plan prematurely.
Policy in connection with leaving the job.
A survey of voters who have already cast their votes to know the trend.
The price which is quoted for delivery at the mines.
The outer layer of fruit.
of or relating to a gland that secretes its products into ducts
The hard layer between the epicuticle and the endocuticle in the insect.
The process by which vesicles secretes its content out of the cell membrane.
Who holds his position in an organisation by virtue of being working on a post.
Who holds his position in an organisation by virtue of being working on a post.
One who is holding the membership by being in official position.
The tendency of growth of money supply which is influenced by outside factors / forces.
The tendency of growth of money supply which is influenced by outside factors / forces.
originating or produced outside the body
Originating outside the body.
To declare free from blame.
To declare free from a blame or to discharge from the blame.
The external part of the appendages in Crustaceans.
freeing a person or a place from an evil spirit
An external part of the skeleton which support the animal body.
a person or thing originating from another country
Non - native or strange to the environment.
Currencies of foreign countries / origin which are not in common use.
Goods which are of foreign origin.
Form of reproduction in which eggs are developed outside the body.
a toxin which is produced by a microorganism and released into surrounding medium
Market which is increasing in size or developing.
Act of expanding.
The state of being expanded and contracted of the ability of an organisation to meet its financial obligations in cash in time.
The results or effect of the enlargement of the scope or scale of something.
The results or effect of the enlargement of the scope or scale of something.
Increase in the volume of credit provided by financial system
When the quantity / amount of currency in circulation is increased.
Where the other party has not made presentation or did not remain present.
When assessment is made in the absence of the concerned party.
When an order of injunction is passed in the absence of other party / opposite party.
The staff which has left own country.
The act of expatriating.
Expelled from one 's own country.
Person who has decided to live abroad.
Expel or remove a person from his / her native country.
A letter of permission in case of leaving the nationality of a country.
a pregnant lady
Something which is hoped for.
The possibility of happening of an event.
The state of being balanced which is expected.
The quantity or amount of production which is likely to be achieved for something.
The earnings of funds as a result of investment made.
an agent that assists the secretion and expulsion of mucus from the respiratory tract
secretions in air passages which are expelled by coughing
the act of coughing up and spitting out sputum
Methods which are advantageous rather than being fair.
Means to attaining an end which are advantageous rather than fair.
Which are advisable on practical grounds to achieve something.
A fund created to deal with a financial problem in effective and prompt manner.
To speed up the process.
Which makes the process happen more quickly.
A journey or voyage undertaken for a specific purpose eg. Exploration, research etc.
Deciding about something with speed and efficiency.
Order to leave.
To use up money.
The amount of money spent.
The amount of money that is expended and allocation of money to be used for some specific purpose.
The funds issued to acquire fixed assets or to improve the efficiency of existing fixed asset.
The process or act of keeping expenditure in check or under control.
Prepaid item of expenditure for a period of greater than the current accounting period, balance taken to subsequent period.
Where amount of revenue expenditure is paid in advance covering a larger period than balance is carried to subsequent period.
An assessment of expenditure.
Expenditure that has been incurred out of revenue receipts.
Expenditure that is to be incurred on construction items.
The act of restraining or to restrict the expenditure.
The payment of expenses which are changed to the profit and loss account.
Bunch of rules framed for governing all related aspects of expenditure.
Authoritative permission for the expenditure.
Tax levied on the amount of expenditure.
Cost incurred for doing a particular work - expenditure.
An account that allows an employee to incur expenditure on behalf of the organisation and get it reimbursed.
When the amount of expenditure is added to the cost of something.
The proportion of expenditure (may be with reference to income or other heads / items etc.).
The amount of money spent.
The amount that has already been spent but it is yet to be reimbursed / paid.
The amount of money that has been incurred in connection with investigating something.
The amount incurred in connection with liquidation proceedings.
The amount incurred in connection with pursuing the legal proceedings.
The amount that has been incurred on managing the affairs of the organisation.
Knowledge or skill gained while doing work.
Qualification relating to experience.
Test conducted to know something new.
Which is hand on experiment.
something which is related to or based on experiment
Statement of cost which is provisional.
The agricultural operations which have been undertaken to conduct an experiment to gain experience.
Person who has special knowledge on some subject / topic.
committee consisting of experts in accounting.
Special skill or knowledge in a subject.
Special knowledge or skills in a particular subject or field.
The comments given by a person knowledgeable in the field.
A report prepared by experts.
End of validity or duration of something.
process of breathing out
A notice / intimation indicating end of the validity or duration of something.
Period that has come to an end.
Accounts which have come to an end or have became time barred.
Accounts which have come to an end or have became time barred.
The card validity of which is over.
When the period of time during which loan can be availed of is over.
When the period of time during which loan can be availed of is over.
When the period of time during which loan can be availed of is over.
End of the period.
termination
end of period, especially of a contract or agreement
The date after which something should not be used.
The time period upto which a particular item can be used.
Act of making clear the meaning.
Statement that explains something.
Reason given for why something happened or why one did something.
Which is intended to clarify or explain something.
Notes in writing which intend to explain.
Which is clearly expressed.
The rate of interest or amount of interest which has been clearly stated or expressed.
The rent which has been clearly stated or which is of knowledge and definite.
The rent which has been clearly stated or which is of knowledge and definite.
Act of utilising fully.
The process or act of utilising resources which are the gift of nature.
The process or act of utilising resources which are the gift of nature.
thorough examination for diagnostic purpose
Act of searching to make some understanding.
A model used or developed for investigating / examining something systematically.
A model used or developed for investigating / examining something systematically.
To examine carefully to find out something more.
A loud sound caused by something like bursting of bombs etc.
Growth which is sudden and sharp.
Some one who supports or advocates an idea.
The act of sending goods or services outside the country.
Goods or articles which can be exported.
Goods which can be exported but are more than the demand in export market.
Goods which can be exported but are more than the demand in export market.
One who facilitate export related to export of luggage.
An industry which exports most part of its products.
Evidence of having exported something.
Rules covering matters relating to export of luggage.
An industry which exports most part of its products.
An industry which is based on export of its products.
Various items put together which are considered for export.
The industry which has or gives more preference to export.
A statement of cost for goods / services meant for export.
Such bill for exported items which has been or being sent in advance of the goods.
A scheme under which credit is provided against export bills.
Such export bills which are issued under the facility of letter of credit where banker undertakes to pay the amount of such bills.
It is a bill for exported goods on which receipt for goods received for carriage to the destination stated is recorded by the ship owner.
The bills in respect of export trade which have been purchased before maturity with a deduction of interest.
Such bills of export which have been bought or sold before maturity.
Such export bills which are raised not supported by any L / C.
Goods which are meant or being carried for exporting.
A type of tax levied on export items.
The condition of being aware of export probabilities / opportunities.
The condition of being aware of export probabilities / opportunities.
Business agreement relating to exports.
Exercising authority in regulating exports.
Under the scheme banks are required to provide finance to exporters on concessional rate under certain categories and then can claim subsidy on interest from RBI.
There are various documents required for exporting goods as per terms of the deal.
There are various documents required for exporting goods as per terms of the deal.
Tax imposed on goods for export.
Money earned through export business.
Money earned through export business.
Goods which have been sold in another country.
Person who is engaged in export activities.
A person, company or a country that exports goods for sale / consumption in a foreign country.
When an exporter fails to comply with rules or delays realisation of proceeds and does not provide a satisfactory explanation for such faults, his name is put on a list called caution list.
An organisation engaged in export of variety of goods / services.
Course of action adopted relating to export and import.
One who undertakes activity relating to export for the exporter.
One who undertakes activity relating to export for the exporter.
Agency which is engaged in inspection of goods meant for export.
A legal document executed in connection with export.
An official document sent by the exporter to the importer of his goods indicating the nature of goods, rate and value etc.
It is a method of financing overseas trade in which the concerned parties insert in the sales contract a clause that will be made by bank as per provision of documentary credit.
An official permission for undertaking export business.
The amount paid as fees for issuance of export licence.
The amount paid as fees for issuance of export licence.
A written permission granted for export licence.
A written permission granted for export licence.
Market where goods / services can be exported.
Agency which is engaged in inspection of goods meant for export.
A trader who is dealing in export business.
A factor for increasing the exports.
A statement detailing the contracts which have been negotiated by the advising bank on behalf of the issuing bank in the exporter 's country.
A duty which may be legal or moral which is required to be met under export commitment.
When investment of capital is made in overseas countries.
A request to arrange export.
Industry which is directed towards export or where focus is on exporting.
Industry which is directed towards export or where focus is on exporting.
A guarantee issued in support of export obligation.
A place of destination for exports or where something is to be exported.
A place of destination for exports or where something is to be exported.
The considerations that take precedence in the matter of exports.
Taking all possible steps to encourage and increase exports of goods and services.
An advisory committee constituted for promotion of exports.
An organisation set up in major industries to promote exports and help resolving problem of exporters.
Scheme formulated for promotion of exports.
An area demarcated or earmarked for intensive promotion of exports.
A process through which quality of export goods is ensured that satisfies the standard norms.
A permit issued for exporting goods as per quota allotted.
The rate of freight etc. charged for goods exported.
The insurance cover obtained for various risks covering goods exported.
The classified numerical data relating to exports.
Financial assistance granted for export.
Quantity of goods for exports which is in excess of what is required.
Quantity of goods for exports which is in excess of what is required.
The amount of tax levied on export.
Trade relating to commodities for export.
An arrangement or process through which control is exercised on export trade.
Certain limitation imposed on export trade.
The quantity of goods exported.
The amount of export business transacted in given period.
The amount of export business transacted in given period.
Which has been made after happening of something (retrospective).
Which has been made after happening of something (retrospective).
Post facto sanction (sanction granted at a later date).
Sanction granted at a later date.
Practice of investing first which are influenced by more than one factor later.
process of displaying or revealing
The act of involving / implicating oneself for some commitment of providing finance.
The level / standard of providing financial facilities which has been decided.
The point beyond which lending facilities / loan cannot be made available.
The desired standard or an average level which normally should not be exceeded.
The state of being exposed of the bank to its commitment (may be for lending or investment).
The level to which bank has committed to provide loans or making investment.
The level to which bank has committed to provide loans or making investment.
To make known through words or gesture.
The authority which is defined in clear and definite terms.
The terms which are made known without any ambiguity.
Dak (Letters etc) that is sent at a high speed.
Delivery / distribution at a fast speed.
Letter which is sent quickly.
The piece of information which is clearly stated.
An offer for consideration which is self speaking.
Telegram which is sent promptly.
The state of taking away rights of an owner of property.
To take away (acquire) rights in share.
The act of sending someone away from his place.
The process of being expelled.
An act of forcing out or driving out or ejecting out.
The act of expunging.
To erase or strike out.
Which relates to a condition of deal that has to be given effect outside quay and the seller has to bear the cost and risk in making goods available at the quay.
When goods are delivered at the quay (the landing place).
Where the acquirer does not enjoy any rights of subsequent benefits (like bonus shares etc.).
A system of sale / purchase in shares where the buyer will not be entitled to receive the rights shares.
A person who has served forces in the past.
Coming out from a shell from a development stage.
A term used which means that seller has to make available goods at the ship.
In such cases the buyer has to collect goods from the ship and bear all cost of transportation etc.
Having no stipules.
Transaction for ready goods.
Rules which give practical guidance (guidelines) which are currently in force.
When value of goods is determined / calculated before taking into account the amount of tariff (duty).
To enlarge area or scope.
Such a bond, the date of redemption of which has been revised to a future date.
In personal computers with Windows, Extended System Configuration Data is a data which facilitates a computer 's BIOS and the operating system with information for communicating with plug and play (PnP) devices.
Such a protocol for wireless networks which expands on authentication methods those are used by the Point - to - Point Protocol (PPP), a protocol used when connecting a computer to the Internet.
An institution / body or agency which is providing services to many or extending the spread of an idea or practice.
An institution / body or agency which is providing services to many or extending the spread of an idea or practice.
Which is an extended or added part of the operating branch of the bank.
To increase the period of leave.
To increase the period of service.
The type of farming operations where the amount of capital and labour applied is comparatively less - land size is prime factor.
The process of producing young animals and plants on a large scale.
The process of producing young animals and plants on a large scale.
The extent or scope which has been defined.
The limit or scope upto which guarantee can be extended or provided.
The limit or scope upto which guarantee can be extended or provided.
The limit or scope upto which guarantee can be extended or provided.
Limit or scope for review.
A factor that mitigate or lessen the seriousness of guilt.
Someone outside a particular institution / country.
Of or relating to outside or exterior.
Of or relating to outside or exterior.
Accounts of non - resident customers maintained by banks in their country.
Relating to country 's foreign affairs.
The financial and / or other assistance / help which is being received from other countries.
Audit conducted by an outside body.
Auditor who is from outside the organisation.
Any bill payable abroad or drawn and payable abroad is an external bill.
Any bill payable abroad or drawn and payable abroad is an external bill.
Loan / borrowings from foreign countries on commercial based on market rates.
Financial accommodation which has been obtained from sources abroad.
The exchange market that deals with currencies of foreign nations.
The amount of debt that is owed by one country to another.
The amount of debt that is owed by one country to another.
Increase of costs in a large scale operation due to factors beyond one 's control.
Factors which are external to a firm in effecting economy.
The evidence which is coming from outside and not self generated.
The outer sublayer of exocuticle with no visible substructure.
External fragmentation is the phenomenon in which free storage becomes divided into many small pieces.
Of or relating to sex or reproductive organs.
Some foreign nations which have joined together for some specific purpose or work.
Loan which has been sourced from outside the country.
A tube that extends between the outer ear and inner ear.
The amount of loan which the country own to foreign nations.
The amount of loan which the country own to foreign nations.
A small circular opening of the cervix which opens into the vagina.
The status of payments to be made to foreign countries / institutions.
Recruitment made from outside.
The means (financial) available from foreign countries as help or support.
The amount of goods and services that a country exports, minus the goods and services that it imports.
The value of Indian rupee that is quoted with reference to currencies of other countries.
inflammation of the outer ear and ear canal
A receptor that receives signals from external environment of the organism.
To put to an end to the liability.
To obtain by force or threat.
Which is more than usual or additional.
Activities which are being / have been taken up which have not been planned in the budget.
Accounts which have not been planned / shown in the budget.
The resources which have been mobilised beyond what has been budgeted.
The digestion in which the food is digested outside the body of an organism.
Cost which is more than the usual or anticipated.
A quote trom a book or passage etc.
An act of pulling or drawing out with effort, skill, or force.
A gist or substance of something.
An act or process of extracting.
Separation of something based on chemical, physical or mechanical property.
Which is in addition to the course one is pursuing.
Which is outside the scope of formal teaching.
Money provided for performing additional item of work or duty, than the normal.
Amount of grant which is more than usual.
Which is much below the lower limit.
Which is exceptional not usual.
Expenditure which is not of usual nature.
An official journal of the government brought out in addition to the normal issue for special purpose.
An official journal of the government brought out in addition to the normal issue for special purpose.
A gazette brought out specially.
A gazette brought out specially.
A type of leave admissible in extraordinary circumstances.
A meeting which has been convened to transact some special business and is not an ordinary meeting at routine interval.
A meeting that has been convened specially.
Extra ordinary pension is given in some special (extra ordinary) situations like accidents, disabilities etc.
Pension which is in addition to the normal.
A resolution which is special.
The value or price which is exceptional and not usual.
Paying more money than the usual amount.
Paying more money than the usual amount.
A type of allowance granted for performing duty in another set of time.
Amount of government fund that is remitted from one state to another / one account to another.
An ectopic premature contraction of the heart resulting in momentary interruption of the normal heartbeat.
Who is wasteful in spending money.
Money spent on items which are not necessary.
The process of flow of the blood or lymph from a vessel out into surrounding tissue.
The rates that experiences extreme values during the crisis period.
Delivering in violent way of action
Who believes in extreme / violent way of action.
Who believes in extreme / violent way of action.
Which is not inherent comes from outside.
Some one who enjoys more in company of others.
A person who is interested in others or in the environment as opposed to or to the exclusion of self.
A fluid that oozes out of a tissue or its capillaries due to injury or inflammation.
The part of the cuticle which is shed off during molting.
The epidermal glad that is connected with the excretion fluid during molting.
Which is available at warehouse.
When the goods are made available at the warehouse.
When delivery of goods is made available at the warehouse.
The organ of sight or vision.
The globe - like or spherical portion of the eye.
A place for the storage of eyes that have been removed from the eyes of people recently expired or died, used for transplanting to persons having corneal defects.
The fringe of hair on the arch that forms the upper part of the orbit of the eye.
The fringe of hair on the arch that forms the upper part of the orbit of the eye.
Relating to one of the curved hairs growing on the edge of an eyelid.
The moving fold of skin that covers and uncovers the eyeball.
An instument that attaches to a microscope 's eyepiece to measure the size of magnified objects.
A doctor or a person who specializes in the study of eyes and eye diseases or disorders.
A sensory organelle present in the flagellate cells of green algae and unicellular photosynthetic organism to sense light.
Person who has seen something happen or done in his presence and who can give witness of it.
To shape or to create.
To construct or manufacture.
A container which has been fabricated.
Goods which have been manufactured.
Process of making or producing something.
Process of fabricating charges.
The process of forging a document.
Act of fabricating documents.
Woven material used for making clothes.
Knitted or woven cloth.
The amount that has been printed on the face of a document.
A free social networking website wherein profiles / photographs of self family and friends can be stored. One can be in touch with friends in face book.
An electronic printer having a single tracing element for tracing alphanumeric characters, comprising spacing means.
Document which have been stamped on the face.
The process of making something to look newer or better.
A small smooth area on a bone or other firm structure.
The value (of a secunty or share) as show on the face of the document.
Of or pertaining to or relating to face.
A method of local anesthesia of the face in which the passage of impulses through the facial nerve is stopped by the injection of an anesthetic into or near that nerve.
The facial expression or appearance typical of a disorder or disease.
Making things easy.
The process of making things easier or lessening difficulties.
The process of making things easier or lessening difficulties.
The amount which one has to spent on the means for making things easy.
Means through which something can be done more easily.
Ease in moving, acting, or doing.
In banking terms it means absence of difficulty in making payment.
This is an arrangement between the banker and the customer for use of banking services for making payment.
The outer surface (of a wall etc) made of different material.
An exact copy of a painting, book etc.
An exact copy of a painting, book etc.
The personal computer facsimile device transmits a document or a picture directly to and receive it directly from another facsimile device.
Signature which are exact copy of the original.
A system comprising transmitting means for scanning a document and transmitting it to the receiver.
Basic details which are known to exist about a subject or situation.
It is an Act to protect consumars from identity theft. In fact it is an ammended form of fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA).
The process of determining facts relating to something.
A committee that has been constituted to find facts about the incident / situation.
Group of small people within a larger group who organise themselves separately based on their own ideas.
Group of small people within a larger group who organise themselves separately based on their own ideas.
Something that contributes in a process.
Relating to a component that contributes in the cause of an action.
Relating to a component that contributes in the cause of an action.
The circumstances which contribute or influence to results.
Anything that contributes for an outcome.
The amount of commission paid to a broker.
It is a statistical method used to describe variability among observed variables in terms of fewer unobserved variables called factors.
Comparative analysis of factor.
A system through which comparison of two or more factors is attempted.
It is the cost of the goods which does not include any tax or duty.
Income receipts from rest of the world.
The work of a business agent or a merchant who buys and sells on commission basis or financial services for debt collection.
The work of a business agent or a merchant who buys and sells on commission basis or financial services for debt collection.
Market in which business agents are operating.
The variations in the price of essential components
The essential components of production.
Building or buildings where process of manufacturing takes place.
Act to regulate functioning of factories.
It is a unique full - service Systems Integration Services with exceptional knowledge and core competencies in a broad range of information technology and automation expertise.
Expenses incurred in production at factory.
Account that shows expenses on fuel and power on the factor.
Operating expenses of the factory (over manufacturing cost).
Relates to the price quoted at factory or which is the cost of producing goods.
Wages paid to the labour engaged in factory.
Something which is known to be true and which is supported by data.
Which is based on facts.
Which shows actual or true position.
Date which is based on facts.
Information that represents true position.
Statement that presents facts.
Such type of endorsement where the holder 's duties (some of them) towards the endorser are waived.
Such type of endorsement where the holder 's duties (some of them) towards the endorser are waived.
Ability to function under different environmental conditions.
Ability to function under different environmental conditions.
Not compulsory.
A parasite that usually infects the animal host but may also survive in the absence of it.
A parasite that usually infects the plant host but may also survive in the absence of it.
Teaching staff of a college / university etc.
A department of learning of Arts of a college / university.
A division of learning engineering in a college / university.
A division of learning Law in a college / university.
A division of learning science in college / university.
This is a principle in adopted while deciding taxation policy according to which tax should be levied according to capacity of the tax payer.
Power to reproduce, fruitfulness or fertility.
Is a coenzyme which plays vital role in electron transportation in the plant mitochondria.
Of or relating to faeces.
Waste matter discharged from the intestines through the anus.
A condition of digestive system in which a person experiences hard feces that is difficult to expel.
A hard mass of fecal matter in the intestine.
To not pass a test.
A unsuccessful result.
To not do what is expected.
Wells where water could not be found or the quantity of water found was inadequate.
It is a back up operational mode functioning as a secondary system componants in absence of primary system.
Of or relating to the inability to pass or succeed.
When the yield in a crop is below the threshold level.
It is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails, expressed in failures per hour often denoted by the Greek letter  (lambda) which is important in reliability theory.
To overcome with the problem of system failure.
Falling down to the ground due to loss of consciousness.
Which is not biased and just.
Competition which is just and according to rules.
Which is a fine and unblemish.
When work is pursued with honesty in the work time (day).
Which is reasonable and acceptable.
Reasonable and impartial treatment.
Employment which is free from bias.
Fair and adequate learning.
God learning.
The profit in transaction (margin) which is just and moderate.
Value placed on an article for selling which is reasonable.
Adopting a just and unbiased course of action by which something is to be achieved.
A collection of rules or ethics to be followed in dealings.
Price which is reasonable and just.
Rate of goods sold fixed in reasonable manner.
Rate of goods sold fixed in reasonable manner.
Shop where articles of consumption are sold at reasonable price (rates generally fixed by Government).
A rank or grade which has been decided in a just and unbiased manner.
Rent which is fixed in a justifiable manner.
A report which is impartial.
The amount of profit which is just and moderate.
Selection without any bias.
The moderately just price on which goods are being sold.
Trade which is being conducted on the principles of fairness.
Dealing with people in fair manner.
Treatment which is impartial and just.
The price which has been fixed / assessed on principles of fairness.
The wages which are fixed in a just and honest manner.
Which is fine and unblemish.
The fact which is already accomplished.
Firm belief (without logical proof).
Who can be trusted.
Which is not genuine.
Currency which is made to look like genuine.
A document which is not genuine but made fraudulently to look like genuine.
An argument which is misleading.
Discussions which are not based on logic.
Minimum amount of wages paid when there is no work.
The minimum amount of wages paid when there is no work.
A theory of prices of production that explains that at certain point falling rate of profit stops.
The position when prices are coming down.
The radioactive particles stirred up by or resulting from a nuclearexplosion and descending through the atmosphere.
A part of land which is left unsown for more than a year.
The land which has although been ploughed but left unseeded, may be for restoring its fertility.
Which is untrue.
Not true, an error or incorrect or mistake.
It is a mistake made by biometric security systems. In false acceptance system identifies an unauthorised person as an authorised person.
Account which is not true but fabricated.
The process of preparing a bill which does not reflect true position or which is not true.
False dependencies between implementation files and their respective header files.
A coin which is not genuine but fake.
It refers to a specific condition when two or more processes are each waiting for each other to release a resource, or more than two processes are waiting for resources in a circular chain.
As the veins of leaves which fork but is actually not true.
An entry in the books of accounts which is not true but made up.
An error which causes our system to be unfunctional.
An evidence which is contrary to truth.
The information which is not based on true facts.
It is an Internet application wherein a legitimate message marked as spam by mistake. Aserver or client - side spam filter programme can reject the spam message returning it to the sender as bounce e - mail.
A false action to deceive - a pretext
It is a mistake made by biometric security systems. In false rejection system fails to recognize an authorised person rejecting him as an false impostor.
It is the percentage of identification instances in which false rejection occurs. If FRR is 0. 05 percent, it means that one out of every 2000 authorised persons will not be able to access the system.
Is a pest which tends to damage plants.
A partition in the wall which is observed but actually is not true.
Statement which is not true.
Act of falsifying the account.
Fraudulent alteration in the account.
Where material alteration has been done in a document.
Of or relating to a family.
A unit of closely related people generally consisting of parents and their children.
A group of people descended from a common ancestor.
Of or relating to people living within a household.
A particular related species that belong to a specific group.
A type of allowance paid to employees as allowance for family.
An agreement, understanding or system related to the family.
A part of medical history of a person pertaining to questions as to whether he / she has any hereditary tendencies towards a particular disease.
A declared and accepted member of one 's family.
A declared and accepted member of one 's family (Family has been defined differently for different purposes).
A name given to a particular group of related species.
When different type of interest rates are applied on different type of loans / deposits, such rates.
Amount of pension granted to family after death of the pensioner.
Family pension is granted to the family of a Govt. employee in the event of his death while in service.
Fund created for providing family pension.
The practice of controlling number of children in the family.
A program to regulate the number of children in a family through contraception or other birth control methods.
A type of allowance granted to employees.
A type of allowance granted to employees.
Which aims at welfare of family.
A situation where large number of people have no food to survive.
High rates (of commodities specially) which are charged when there is acute shortage or drought conditions.
Measures initiated to provide help to the famine affected.
Any device or machine used to set up a current of air for ventilating or cooling.
Price which are unduly high.
A type of long paper having many folds and teared from dotted lines usually used with old dot matrix printers.
A term that defines the maximum number of digital inputs that a single logic gate can accept. Most transistor - transistorlogic (TTL) gates have one or two inputs.
A term that defines the maximum number of digital inputs which the output of a single logic gate can feed, most transistor - transistor logic (TTL) gates can feed upto 10 other digital gates or devices.
It is the standard unit of capacitance in the International system of Units.
The faraday is a dimensionless unit of electric charge quantity equal to approximately 6. 02 x 1023 electric charge carriers. This is equivalent to one mole, also known as Avogadro 's constant.
It is a matallic enclosure that prevents the entry or escape of an electromagnetic field (EM field) usually connected to earth ground for better performance.
It represents the amount of electric charge carried by one mole or Avogadro 's number of electron which can be derived by dividing the Avogadro constant or the number of electrons per mole, by the number of electrons per coulomb.
Money paid for transportation.
Cost of transportation and cartage.
Which is situated in the far east corner of the globe (countries of East Asia).
Act of saying good bye to someone leaving.
A speech delivered at the occasion of farewell.
Land on which crops are grown or animals are reared.
Business activities relating to agriculture / farming.
A co - operative society which is organised by those who are engaged in agricultural activities.
The management and development of resources relating to farm (agriculture) sector.
A person who pursues agriculture as an occupation.
Market where farmers deal in their farm products or buy / sell agricultural inputs etc.
Such societies which provide on hire agricultural implements to the farmer for their use.
A dwelling unit on the farm land or attached to it.
Tools used in agricultural operations.
Income derived from farm operations and activities allied thereto.
Business of growing crops and keeping animals.
Implements which are needed for undertaking various agricultural operations.
Machines which are used for undertaking agricultural operations.
To take a general view of how agricultural operations are managed or conducted.
The cost which is incurred in selling / marketing the agricultural products / produce.
A company which provide loan against mortgage of farm land etc.
The process or methods being used for taking up various activities relating to farming.
A systematic plan of operation or action relating to agriculture.
The price of an agricultural product or commodity quoted at the farm.
Something which has been produced through farm operations.
The essential components required for undertaking agricultural operations such as seeds, fertilizer, pesticides, irrigation facilities etc.
The assistance provided by government / other agencies for undertaking farming operations.
The agricultural products which are residue - which is more than the demand.
The temporary possession of the land by a tenant.
Manure which is produced in the farm site itself by using agricultural waste / dung etc.
A strip or band of fibrous connective tissue.
Muscular twitching involving the simultaneous contraction of contiguous groups of muscle fibers.
A bundle of fibers, especially of muscle or nerve or tendon.
The section of a computer storage from which data can be obtained most rapidly.
Money which is earned in short time.
It is a programming interface for speeding up web application where web server consists common gateway interface.
It is a call centre term used by a customer when he gets a delay notice.
Fast ethernet is a LAN transmission standared providing data rate of 100 megabits / second. It is also referred as "100 BASE - T".
It is a technique where a cybercriminal hides key identification of server 's IP address.
Such areas which are developing / growing at rapid speed.
Fast Infoset is an alternative of XML approved by International telecommunication Union.
Market in which turnover is very quick.
Such type of goods which are sold quickly - well received in the market.
It is a technology that transmits data or a material without checking the error in the route. Receiver only is responsible for getting the packet without error.
It was very common in personal computer before newer form of dynamic random access memory which accesses a row of RAM without fail.
Called in California for E - Zpass, a toll collection system in N - E U. S.
The means through which something can move quickly or can be settled / done more easily.
Basic / essential supportive facilities which can be arranged within short time.
Of or relating to the ester of glycerol with fatty acids.
A compound which is insoluble in water but soluble in organic mixture.
A condition that halts processing due to faulty hardware, program bugs, read errors or other anomalies.
It indicates that the programme will not respond further in exceptional situation.
It is a networked computer consisting most of the components and programmes locally.
The status or position of the cheque whether it is paid or dishonoured.
It is a table maintained by an operating system on a hard disk providing a cluster map about the storage of the file.
A software application for the Macintosh computer to run on a Mac having Motorola 68000 series microprocessor or such microprocessor.
A conventional model of storage provisioning allocating more space than the present need.
An acid which is a formed from fat hydrolysis and has a long chain of hydrocarbons.
The narrow passage between posterior part of the mouth and pharynx.
Something which has gone wrong.
Perfect - having no mistakes.
A component of network management for detecting, isolating and resolving problems.
It is an interrupt to the software raised by the hardware, when a program accesses a page that is mapped in address space, but not loaded in physical memory.
A designed system where a backup procedure start functioning in case of it 's failure as in computer or such other systems.
It is a protocol which ensures total ordering of messages and atomicity of delivery in the presence of communication faults and site faults, guaranteeing that all operational members belonging to the same group observe a consistent view of ordered events.
A system which continues to work even if some of it 's componants fails.
Which contains defect.
All sort of animals which survive in the biosphere.
It is a customised image used for bookmarked site which appears on the link bar at the top. If there is no provision of favicon a default image can be used which is a logo for internet explorer.
An act of kindness.
Which is advantageous.
When visible exports are more than the visible imports (in value).
When the rate of exchange of desired currency is in one 's favour and helpful.
The response which is helpful or advantageous.
When the availability of foreign exchange is encouraging.
The condition in an agreement or deal etc. which are advantageous.
Favouring one person as compared to others.
A certificate of parcel provided with advantage.
Fax is a telephonic transmission of scanned - in printed material wherein text, a graphic image is converted into a bitmap and a receiving machine reconverts the code and prints the document.
In fax transmission encoding is called as Fax group. Group 3 and group 4 are two types of the encoding formats.
A system installed in lAN to send and receive messages attached to it.
An acronym of network management consisting the level of 1. Fault management (F) 2. the configuration (C) 3. the accounting (A) 4. the performance (P) and 5. the security (S).
It is same as carbon copy "cc" usually seen in Eudora and other e - mail facilities.
A storage networking technology enabling transmission of fibre channel (FC) information tunneling data between SAN (Storage Area Network) facilities over IP networks.
It retains same communication but substitutes high - speed Ethernet link (1Gbps or more).
FC - PGA is intel developed microchip design for a faster microprocessors possessing hottest chips facing away from the motherboard.
It is federal legislation of United States promoting accuracy, fairness and privacy for data used by consumer reporting agencies.
It was an ANSI standard token passing network that transmitted 100 Mbps over optical fiber up to 10 kilometers.
An interface of floppy disk which read and written by it 's driver.
It is a utility entered in MS - DOS and Windows for formatting and partition to the hard disk drive.
A basic technology in the analog Advanced Mobile Phone Service (AMPS). IN wireless cellular phone communication 30 channels are provided carrying voice conversation or digital data.
A system of combining various signals while transmitting it on single line or channel with specific frequency for each signal.
The state of being done conveniently.
A systematic investigation of a project to assess whether it is technically, commercially and economically sound and can be run efficiently.
A report discussing various aspects to others.
capable of being done, effected, or accomplished.
Any element of the feasible region of an optimization problem.
It is a software application for softening edges of a graphic design till it becomes transparent.
A good property or behaviour. In computer vision it could be an edge, corner or blob whereas in software engineering it is an increment in program development or functionality.
A tendency to show something beyond actuals. It may result a risk to a product quality as it is not exacty what is planned.
Items / things which have distinctive characteristic.
A type of telecommunication trunk to provide equal access capability from telecom carrier and the office where switching equipment is located and customer line is connected & terminated. FG - A, FG - B and FG - D (AT & T; use FG - C) are the Known Feature groups.
It is a plateform to streamline the translation of spatial data between geometric and digital formats.
Of or pertaining to having fever.
An act of impregnation or fertilization.
The capacity of producing offspring in abundance.
It is the capability of organism to reproduce.
It governs U. S. Federal Government 's procurement process. Responsibility of maintenance and revision of FAR vested with Defence Acquisition Regulatory Council (DARC) and the Civilian Agency Acquisition Council (CAAC).
A commission in Washington D. C. towards a federal service with regard to communication.
Section 508, an amendment to the United States Workforce Rehabilitation Act of 1973, is a federal law mandating that all electronic and information technology developed, procured, maintained or used by the federal Government be accessible to people with d
An independ agency of the U. S. Federal Govt. preserving confidence of the people in Banking system through insuring deposits.
These are balances maintained by the depository institutions with the Federal Reserve Bank and are available immediately.
A set of standards describing document processing, encryption algorithms and other standards of information technology for use within non - military Govt. agencies and by Govt. contractors & vendors working with the agency.
An act to protect government information, operations and assets against natural or human - made threats.
This is the system adopted in United States which is designed as a system which has features of central and regional banking with designated monetary responsibilities of a central bank.
A regulation for civil legal suits within U. S. federal court. Based on the recommendation of judicial conference, Supereme court modifies the rules.
A system of organisation (govt. etc.) in which several states formed into a federation but remain independent in internal matters.
An arrangement made among various enterprises with an identification data which the subscribers access to the networks of all enterprises in the group.
A technology for users to control all aspects of their communications with other users irrespective of it 's make or platform.
An organisation (union) of several institutions.
An organisation formed by Indian Exporter 's Organisation.
An international association commited to develop telecommunication with positive and constructive approach in Europe and the rest of the world.
An electronic payments system linking Federal Reserve Banks and their branches in United States.
The amount one has to pay / receive for doing something.
The services which are provided or business which is conducted on payment of fee / charges (by banks).
The services which are provided or business which is conducted on payment of fee / charges (by banks).
Of or relating to mentally retarded.
An act of giving or supplying nourishment.
To offer / give response to something.
Providing information / opinion on something in response to a request.
A system / arrangement of collecting information which is received as response about the results of some experiment or project.
A system / arrangement of collecting information which is received as response about the results of some experiment or project.
A system / arrangement of collecting information which is received as response about the results of some experiment or project.
It is an online portal web service covering a wide range of topics that readers can post on.
A single cable containing several different or same wires bundled together.
Industry which provides semi - finished goods or parts to the main industry.
Post relating to helper.
An act of giving or supplying nourishment.
A bottle with a flexible teat to feed infants.
An act of giving or supplying nourishment through veins.
A process by which plants tend to get and use their food resources.
An act of giving or supplying nourishment through a flexible tube passed through the nasal passages into the stomach.
A process by which parasites tend to puncture root by using their tooth and thus sucking the necessary nutrients.
Stock which is maintained for supply.
Emotional expression.
Mental awareness.
Of or relating to expression of emotions.
The amount which is required to be paid for professional services or for availing of a privilege.
Of or relating to the lower extremities that are in direct contact with the ground in standing or walking.
To wish someone respectful happiness.
A type of oral sex in which there is mouth contact with the penis.
Who is a member of some reputed institution.
One who works with you.
Granting membership of an institution.
Belonging to the sex that can bear offspring.
A flower which has a small fruit below its petals, thus indicating as female.
System of organ which carriesout the process of reproduction, in females.
Acquisition of female characteristics by a male by implantation of female sex organs.
Of or relating to protrusion of tissue into the femoral canal.
Of or relating to the longest bone of the lower extremity which extends from the pelvis to the knee.
A part of leg segment of an insect.
Engaging in the work of purchasing and selling of stolen goods.
To surround something with a fence.
To surround something with a fence.
Of or relating to a small opening in a bone.
Small transparent patches in wings of certain insectes and also plants.
Holes which occur naturally on leaves of certain plants.
Data is transferred between the host computer and the FEP using a high - speed parallel interface.
A substance or an organism that brings about fermentation.
The process of undergoing fermentation.
Organisms that catalyse the process of fermentation such as yeast.
A chemical reaction in which sugars are broken down into smaller molecules by the action of certain enzymes of living organisms.
A process which is carried out in the presence of yeast as that in the production of alcohol.
A plant which bears no flowers and seeds and is a vascular plant type.
Is a species of plant belonging to the family of Limonia.
The amount paid for using the ferry.
An early form of random access computer memory using small magnetic ceramic rings, the cores, through which wires are threaded to store information via the polarity of the magnetic field they contain.
Which can produce in abundance.
Which is productive.
The capacity of producing offspring
Refers to soil which is capable of vegetation growth.
Soil which is highly productive.
The quality, state, or degree of being fertile
A soil which has the capacity to feed in nutrients to the planted plant.
Rate of fertility with reference to total birth etc.
The ratio of live births in an area to the population of that area.
The process of union of male and female gametes to form a zygote.
A act by which soil is nourished.
The amount of loan which is provided for purchasing fertilizer.
Advance granted to employees on the occasion of festivals.
Holidays which are available during festivals.
It is a step in the operation of a central processing unit.
A term in computer science related to getting, reading, or moving data objects.
Searching and executing instruction of machine language.
The pathological displacement of erotic interest and satisfaction to a fetish.
Of or relating to a strong and disagreeable offensive smell.
An abnormal condition of the body, characterized by abnormally high body temperature.
A coin which is made legal tender by a government order.
Paper money made legal tender by government order.
The money which has no intrinsic value.
A layer or sheet of elongated cells.
A fiber to the premises (fttp) telecommunication service offered by verizon to consumers in US.
It is a search of a sorted array using a divide and conquer algorithm that narrows down possible locations with the aid of Fibonacci numbers.
The sequence of fibonaccy numbers like 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21. wherein The first two Fibonacci numbers are 0 and 1, and each remaining number is the sum of the previous two:
A slender, thread - like structure.
Long cells which are thin and support tissues of plant.
An agricultural crop that can be spun or woven.
A cable with large carrying capacity of fibre optic used for communicatiing signal transmission.
It is a glass or plastic fiber that carries light along its length.
A system adopted by telephone companies using fibre optics for transmition
Rapid twitching of muscle fibers with little or no movement of the muscle.
An insoluble blood protein formed from fibrinogen by the action of thrombin.
An soluble blood plasma protein that is converted into small fibrin molecules by the action of an enzyme called thrombin.
A benign tumor of uterus that consists of fibrous and muscular tissue.
An excessive growth of fibrous connective tissue in an organ in response to a trauma or an injury.
An excessive growth of fibrous tissue due to an inflammation.
Of or relating to consisting of fibers.
A part which resembles a bunch of fibers.
A root which is divided into many branches
Relating to the bone of the leg between the knee and the ankle.
Which is not real but imagined.
An account opened with a imagined name.
The accounts which are maintained in names which are invented by someone and are not real.
Adjustments which do not represent real things.
A process of adjusting which is not real.
An asset that appears on a balance sheet, but could not be sold.
Those items of assets which may be shown in balance sheet but have no tangible value.
A claim which is not genuine.
The state of being in possession of something which is imagined.
A payee named in a bill of exchange that does not exist.
Stamp which is not genuine or real.
A tree found in east india which have roots that also act as a trunk as the roots are aerial in nature
A tree bearing figs which is huge in size and long life span.
Faithfulness to something / someone.
A policy of insurance which provides guarantee on monetary terms against loss by an employee.
A policy of insurance which provides guarantee on monetary terms against loss by an employee.
A policy of insurance which provides guarantee on monetary terms against loss by an employee.
It is a worldwide computer network which is used for communication between bulletin board systems.
Which is held in interest.
The issue of notes by the (Central) bank of the country which has no backing of gold or silver.
The type of loan issued to a borrower without furnishing by him any security.
The notes which are issued without backing of gold or silver.
The total value of notes issued but not backed by the equivalent.
The sum of money hold outside the vault.
An area of activity.
Agencies operating in a particular area.
Agency assigned to look after a particular field of work.
Agency which has been assigned the work of implementation of work.
A method which is used to check any conditions so that it can be studied upon.
a specific component of the citation like title, author, date, etc., also referred a section which defines the syntax and semantics of all standard HTTP / 1. 1 header fields.
Duty which is outside the office.
A new type of flat pannel display wherein electrons are arranged in a grid and each controlled by "cold" cathodes to generate coloured light. It provides high image quality of today 's CRT (cathod ray tube) display.
It is the vector sum of all the forces exerted by an electrical or magnetic field (on a unit mass or unit charge or unit magnetic pole) at a given point in the field
The Field length portion (/ 03 - 06) of each Directory entry consists of four ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange numeric) characters which specify the length of the variable field to which the entry corresponds.
It is a sign or symbol for grasping an easy identification.
An officer who is looking after work in a given / designated area.
An entire view of the eye in any particular direction.
An advantage possessed in a particular field.
This programe will save in field programmable read - only memory.
The rate or speed per second to repair a field such as data recovery, system administration, or information systems.
Described as a resistance which is low without proper resistance genes.
A critical report on operation in field.
Assigning or choosing a field with an option like hide, display, required entry, or optional entry.
Staff engaged in field duty.
To examine closely the given aspects in an area specified and submit report.
Collect and present a general view of the area.
Represents a field that displays custom content in a data - bound control such as GridView and DetailsView.
A test of the performance of some new product under the conditions in which it will be used.
A method for updating or changing configuration data stored in the PROM (Programmable read only memory) of a target system, the data being used to configure one or more reprogrammable logic devices such as FPGAs (Field programmable gate array).
Assignment that has to undertaken outside office.
An infection which is caused by a worm belonging to the family of Dracunculus
An acronym for First In, First Out, an abstraction in ways of organizing and manipulation of data relative to time and prioritization.
It 's creation was aspired by Japan' s Ministry of International Trade and Industry under the Fifth Generation Computer Systems project (FGCS) which was supposed to perform much calculation using massive parallel processing.
It is a level of database normalization, designed to reduce redundancy in relational databases recording multi - valued facts by isolating semantically related multiple relationships.
Numbers calculated in figures.
Amount represented in numbers.
A very thin layer on organ etc.
A type of fever caused by the bite of culex mosquito.
A worm which belong to the family of Filaria.
A disesase caused by filarial worm.
Of or relating to having filaria.
A larvae of worms and hookworms which is thin and pathoginec in nature.
A folder used to store papers in proper order.
Submission of an application or request in writing.
A file access classification which determines the ways to view and edit it.
A folded sheet of card board used to keep papers.
A cupboard with shelves drawers etc. to keep files.
Windows caches file data by default that is read from disks and written to disks which implies that read operations read file data from an area in system memory known as the system file cache, rather than from the physical disk.
A typesetting language.
File or data compression is the process of encoding information using fewer bits.
A File control makes it easy to read, write, or append to a file in a file system.
An act of converting format or data of a file.
A copy of the file.
Creating a new file having same content of an existing file.
To place something over file to protect it.
It is an abstract key in computer programming for accessing a file usually used in POSIX operating systems.
It is a suffix at the end of a file name which comes after the dot.
A hanging base strip attached the file.
It tells us how the data within the file is organized. A programme using the data must be able to recognize and access the data within the file.
A number or symbol assigned by the operating system to a file which an application has asked the OS to open.
A kind of seven distinct, colored parameters of metadata in Mac OS that can be attributed to files, folders and disks in the operating system.
A description of the arrangement of the data in a file.
The length of a file in bytes.
The periodic updating of master files. For example, adding / deleting employees and customers, making address changes and changing product prices.
Disk drive needs to be reorganised from time to time as continuously updated data becomes physically fragmented over the disk space and requires regrouping.
It is a relational database application to serve Web pages dynamically without additional application.
A system of possessing and applying all operations in a file.
It provides the ability to create, enter, change, query and produce reports on one file at a time.
A computer program that provides a user interface to work with file systems like create, open, edit, view, print, play, rename, move, copy, delete, attributes, properties, search / find and permissions.
The technique of making a part of the address space appear to contain an "object", such as a file or device. Also called memory mapping.
The technique of making a part of the address space appear to contain an "object", such as a file or device. Also called memory mapping.
A register maintained to record how the file is moving or being put up to concerned authorities / departments.
It is a text string to identify a file.
In computer operating systems, it is an optional addition to the file name in a suffix form ". xxx" where x represents alphanumeric character.
Is a family of land growing plant.
The structure of a file defined in terms of its components and how they are mapped onto backing store.
Photo preserved in file.
An act of managing and storing details or data of a file.
To undertake the work of processing a file, also to store data in separate computer files.
Preventing accidental erasing of data.
Retrieval of a deleted or damaged computer file.
A register where files are listed in some order.
The act of getting a copy of a file by using the File Request option of the FidoNet mailer.
It is a managed service wherein the stored or archived data is duplicated in real time over a storage area network (SAN).
To get an information about a file and to extract it through a specified category and certain criteria.
A measures to ensure protection of the file from accidental and deliberate threats to confidentiality and integrity of data.
file server is a computer holding responsibility of central storage and management of data files enabling other computers to access on the same network.
A UDP (user datagram programme) - based replacement for the File Transfer Protocol, designed for anonymous access with lower hardware and network requirements than FTP.
It is a public sharing of computer data or space in a network having various access privilege.
The permanent holding place for digital data, until purposely erased.
A unit which contains file storage like CD And many other devices.
Structure of a file on a hard drive for example Tracks, sectors, cylinders, etc.
All hard disk use a file system which organizes all the files on the disk. It is created when we initialize or format our hard disk.
The results of a transaction processing workload that we can run on a specific file system.
A confidence that we have in maintaining a file system to protect it for being corrupted by both systems failure and errors in systems softwares.
It is about making sure your users can only do what you want them to be able to do. This means that you want system programs to be secure and users to only be able to write where you want them to be able to do so.
It is a generic term for the act of transmitting files over a computer network or the Internet.
FileTransfer Access and Management or Method (FTAM) specifies method of transfering files between networked computers. It is based on Open System Interconnection, similar to FTP (file transfer protocol) and NFS (network file system).
It is a standard internet protocol for exchanging files among computers on the internet like Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) which transfers web pages and related files.
In computing, reviewing and altering the records in a file to ensure that the information they contain is accurate and up - to - date.
Using file as per user 's choice normally seen current one overlooking old files which is no longer needed.
Changing mode of file extension for example. ac extension which are put in C mode, can overrided with a "file variable".
It is the creation of an abstraction layer between file servers and the clients accessing to it.
Generation which are formed from during a breeding experiment.
Of or relating to having the form of a thread or filament.
A structure which is thin and linear.
The process of filing papers.
The person (clerks) who is doing the work of filing.
Process submitting detailed statement of income etc.
A particular method of filing.
To make complete.
A symbol or character which are well - written filler applications bundled with PCs and other software combos.
The amount paid for filling something.
A bundle of nerve fibers.
It is one of the many single photographic images in a motion picture wherein individual frames are separated by frame lines. Normally, 24 frames are needed for one second of film.
It is a device made for scanning photographic film directly into a computer without the use of any intermediate printmaking.
Storing a motion picture in a device.
A porous substance used to separate a fluid from suspended particulate matter.
A porous substance used to separate a fluid from suspended particulate matter.
having the capacity to pass through a filter, generally applied for smaller pathogens
A filter which aids in removal of bacteria from solutions.
A processed data stream in physical memory of a computer.
A specific effect which can be applied to an image or part of it.
An act of processing a data stream.
something that passes through the pores of the filter
A program or section of code for examining each input or output request for specific criteria and afterwards process or forward it accordingly.
A device sorting the signals selectively and passing through a desired range of signals suppressing others.
Extremely dirty language.
something that has passed through filter
separation of suspended solid particulate matter from the liquid using a porous material
Which is ultimate or conclusive.
The statements drawn up at the end of a financial period.
The various financial statements which are prepared at the close of the financial year.
Making valuation which is conclusive.
The balance which is arrived at after taking into account all the debit and credit entries for the specified period.
The bill which is prepared when all the items of transactions are over or when the work is completed.
Demand which is last in the payment series.
Account maintained relating to the last call.
Amount which is demanded or received as final call.
A register maintained for recording details relations to final call.
Last corrected version of a draft, device or application.
The theory of utility which is formed on the basis of cost of production, supply and value determinants.
Which has been settled finally.
The evidence which is last in the series submitted to prove or otherwise a point.
The amount represented in numbers and the details furnished which are conclusive.
The goods which have passed through the final process of production.
To put into a final shape.
Payment which is conclusive.
Amount of pension which has been decided conclusively.
Which is the end result of a production process.
Report which is last in the series.
When the payment against outstanding in respect of a bill or invoice has been in full satisfaction.
The last stage of some work or configuration of information in a program.
Total of sums taken together.
The condition of being useful or serving for utility ultimately
The estimation of price of something which is last.
A warning which is last in the series.
When money was last withdrawn.
Withdrawal which is last and conclusive.
Final act of taking out money (from bank etc).
To remove entirely from the books as asset.
The monetary and other resources available.
Financial transaction recorded in monetary terms in books of accounts.
Transactions relating to finance which have been recorded in account books in monetary terms.
The annual act of the parliament which imposes the income tax / corporate tax and amends any tax law in force.
A bill submitted before parliament to approve the proposals / amendments in the taxes / tax loans etc.
Generally referred to as cost of obtaining and using credit.
A commission appointed by the Govt. to look into and advise on the matters relating to finance of the state (union).
A company that lends money for business purposes or for hire purchase transactions.
A legally authorised body constituted to take care of financial needs of a particular segment of economy.
Providing the money (for some activity).
A market where money is either sold or borrowed and lent.
One who is engaged in providing finance.
Connected with money or management of money.
An arrangement for providing loan which may be for short term.
The act of administrating finance.
Matters connected with finance.
A mutual accord or understanding between the signatories in connection with financial matters.
A mutual accord or understanding between the signatories in connection with financial matters.
Money provided as help.
A detailed examination of aspects relating to financial matters.
Such companies which are connected with aspects relating to finance or investment or conducting such type of work.
The style / design of functioning of the financial company in an organisation.
Act of arranging finance.
The act of determining or estimating value of a property etc. in financial terms.
Resources provided as a help.
The manner of functioning in financial matters.
The financial obligation which one has to carry and may be difficult to endure.
The state of financial strength / power or ability in financial matters.
A certificate relating to finance.
Making demand for something due in financial terms.
A pledge made relating to finance.
Ability or state of being competent in financial matters.
Complexities relating to finance.
Agreement of views in financial matters.
The state of financial position.
A group formed by merging separate financial firms into one big entity.
To exercise authority over financial matters.
A time of acute difficulty in financial matters.
A critical moment or situation in financial matters.
The financial crisis when become more intense.
Following discreet behaviour approach in financial matters.
When no third party is involved in financial transactions and deals are made between the two parties directly.
A sudden state of danger in financial matters.
Application of scientific principles in devising new financial products and other financial matters.
Application of scientific principles in devising new financial products and other financial matters.
Evaluating or making estimate in financial terms.
The state of being excluded from the financial benefits.
Contracts guaranteeing delivery of specified financial instruments on a future date at a price already decided.
This is a contract to perform in financial terms a promise, or discharge in liability of a 3 rd person in case of his default.
An overall condition of financial strength which is in good shape.
Involving matters relating to finance.
Additional amount of money given which may encourage to an action.
When maximum number of people are involved in the process of deriving financial benefits of development.
An open specification to streamline electronic communications in the financial securities industry compatable to almost all networking technologies oftenly used.
The fundamental or basic structure of the financial system based on which it can be managed properly.
The fundamental or basic structure of the financial system based on which it can be managed properly.
To introduce or try a new process in financial matters.
Institutions which are carrying on activities including lending, investing in shares / securities, hire purchase, insurance etc. (other than banks).
A written document by means of which some financial right is created or expressed.
The act of uniting financially.
Personal honesty in financial matters.
A financial right or legal share in something.
An organisation that mobilize funds from savers and lends to needy / deficit units / individuals.
Matters relating to finance which are contrary to the rule.
Which is contrary to the rules or practice adopted for dealings in financial matters.
Process of law making covering financial matters.
Such liabilities which involve financial commitments.
To relax, control or intervention in financial matters by the government.
Which is well founded or secure in financial terms.
Managing matters relating to finance and exercising control over it.
A federal law in U. S. to control the ways which financial institutions deal with the private information of individuals.
Certain duties relating to matters covering finance which are required to be fulfilled.
The process or method connected with dealing in financial matters.
Money / finance that goes out / spent.
The amount of money that is required to be spent for starting a venture.
A punishment imposed in financial terms.
Unauthorised use of financial resources.
To prepare a well thought out / systematic work plan in matters connected with finance.
The way in which finances are placed or arranged.
Authority relating to financial matters.
The established way of dealing with financial matters.
Details of matters relating to finance discussed in a meeting.
An exchange standard of business information based on Extensible Markup Language (XML) enabling business - to - business over - the - counter (OTC) financial derivative transactions using the internet.
Appropriateness of matters relating to finance.
Provisions made in connection with financial matters.
Quality of being discreet / sensible in financial matters.
Relief (help) provided in monetary term.
After effect of an event related to financial matters.
To write about matters connected with finance.
A strong control over desires which involve finance.
The financial means available for achieving an end.
The fiscal outcome of financial transactions (on a period).
The final outcome of financial performance for a given period.
Critical examination of financial matters.
The chance that an enterprise / company may not be able to meet its financial obligations.
Granting approval in financial matter.
Laws / orders that stops financial dealings with other countries / group.
A Non - governmental body regulating financial services indusrty in UK, including financial services markets, exchanges and firms.
It is a data description language based on the Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) which was developed to create financial documents to deliver it on the internet, including eCheck and their related documentation.
Determining a matter related to finance.
The financial position of an individual or institution judged from the position of their assets and liabilities or the net worth.
A written summary of financial transactions or listing of capital, assets and liabilities of the organisation.
A review of position in respect of matters related to finance.
Difficulty in arranging financial resources.
It refers to the composition of short - term and long - term sources of funds of a business entity.
The position of finance which can continue for long and exist over a period of time.
The position of finance which can continue for long and exist over a period of time.
A vast structure of financial institution through which various types of financial transactions are conducted.
A systematic approach whereby the financial planner helps the customer to maintain his returns / profits.
Which is practicable from the economic standpoint and prove successful as envisaged.
The status of a bank where it is able to generate sufficient income to meet operating payments, debt commitments and can grow further.
The state of being vulnerable to financial damage at slight hit.
A period from 1st April to 31st March the fullong year which is usually followed.
One who is engaged in providing finance.
The activity relating to providing finance.
The bank which is providing or has provided finance.
The bank which is providing or has provided finance.
Finance / Loans made available for agricultural operations / assets / implements etc.
Finance / Loans made available for activities connected with imports or exports.
As per government policy banks / financial institutions are required to finance certain selected sectors of economy like agriculture, artisan, small scale industry, self employed persons, cottage industries, export units etc. as per targets fixed by RBI.
A partner in the venture who provide finance but does not actively participate in the business activities.
The process of making radical changes in the financial sector.
A program of directory search utility on Unix - like platforms.
An option to search a particular word at various places in the text and replace it by some other term.
A beam of light projected by a light pen on the spot on the display screen where the light pen photodetector is focused, in order to aid the user in positioning the light pen.
something that is discovered or found
clinically important observation, generally related to physical examination or laboratory test
Conclusions reached after some work / studies etc.
A forwarding service used in conjunction with each other allowing the user to receive calls at any location.
It measures the strength of the electromagnetic force controlling charged elememtary particles (like electron, proton) interact.
Pecuniary punishment for not obeying a rule.
Monetary penalty imposed on default of some obligation.
Which consists of small particles or refined.
Objects of arts like painting, sculpture etc. which are of very fine quality and attracts every one.
The quality of being fine.
The state of finish / purity of a coin.
A bill of exchange which is of superior quality.
The print which is obtained after making all correction etc.
A very competitive rate of interest charged on lending etc.
Rate of interest which is comparatively low.
A method of sorting which requires a pass for each digit in that account number.
The process of adjusting to work smoothly.
anyone of the digits of the hand except thumb
A protocol that returns a human readable report about a particular user of the system.
It is the process of getting and storing human finger prints through electronic system.
impression made by the inner surface of the finger which has linear ridges on it, generally used for identification of the person
A method of writing data on finger nail with the use of pulsed laser wherein data can be read using a microscope.
The impression of fingure.
an impression of the ridges on all parts of the finger
It is a biometric authenticaion system which matches the vascular pattern in an individual 's finger to the data got earlier. `
Goods which are ready after all the processes.
Account maintained for finished goods.
Goods which are finished goods.
Goods which are in ready to use condition.
It is a numerical technique for finding approximate solutions of partial differential equations (PDE) as well as of integral equations.
A theorem showing the existence of a finite set of generators, for the invariants of quantics in any number of variables, but in an abstract form.
It is device storing status at one time and operate on input to change the status and also to cause action or output to take place for a change.
Fair Information Practices governs collection and use of personal data and addressing issues of privacy and accuracy.
Process of burning.
An account maintained for claim in respect of fire insurance.
Devices used for controlling fire.
A vehicle used put out fire.
A small portable device filled with chemical substance used to put out fire by spraying.
An emergency allocation of resources to deal with an unforseen problem.
A process through which fire can be controlled.
A web browser which is faster, though smaller but more secure than the mozilla browser.
It occurs in a network when the source computer or tereminal sends data too fast for a destination computer or terminal to deal with it.
Insurance taken for damage occuring due to fire.
Insurance taken for damage occuring due to fire.
Person engaged in stopping fires burning.
Which cannot be damaged by fire.
Risk (of loss) caused by fire.
An officer responsible for ensuring safety from fire.
A utility service available in case of break out of fire.
An open source firewall programme for PC and server which support Linux kernels 2. 4 and 2. 6.
A term used in computer refers the limits of the data that can pass through it and protects a network server or client machine from damage by unauthorised users.
A high - speed interface for connecting peripherals like digital video cameras, hard drives, audio interfaces and MP3 players. `
Shooting by fire arms.
To open fire.
A commercial establishment.
Which is not shaking easily or determined.
An unchanging amount.
Standing firmly for binding the obligation one has made.
An order for export which is confirmed and not likely to change.
The market which is constant and not likely to change.
A proposal which is not likely to be changed.
An order which is not likely to be changed or revoked.
The price which is not likely to be changed or altered.
The equivalent of something in money which is not likely to change.
A software program instructing to communicate with the other computer hardware.
Emergency treatment given to an injured or sick person.
Demand that has been made first time.
Account relating to the first call.
Amount relating to first call.
Register where details of first call are recorded.
The charge which is coming before all others.
Which is of the highest category.
Which is of the highest rank.
Such type of bill of exchange which is drawn or accepted by an eligible bank.
Not reserved, on the basis of coming or reching first facility could be availed.
The cost of producing good in terms of money.
Who has secured marks to be placed in first category.
A resource allocation scheme usually for memory, it fits data into memory by scanning from the beginning of available memory to the end, until the first free space which is at least big enough to accept the data is found.
A prototype computer based on vacuum tubes and other esoteric technologies.
Which is of best quality.
The first of two equal periods of time.
First six months of the year.
Who enter first take precedence.
Person who comes first should get an opportunity to go first.
A complaint lodged with the police station regarding happening of some incident.
The first stage of a course adopted in some work or journey.
A bond secured by mortgage when given first charge on the security / assets.
Management personnel of the first cadre (top level).
Supervisors of the first category.
A mortgage of property which is not subject to any other mortgage prior to it.
A normal form used in database normalization a relational database table, adhering to 1NF is one that meets certain of criteria to ensure that the table is a faithful representation of a relation and that it is free of repeating groups.
Goods which comes first while deciding their consumption.
Goods which comes first while deciding their consumption.
It is a formal deductive system used in mathematics, philosophy, linguistics, and computer science.
It consists a set of axioms (usually finite or recursively enumerable) and the statements deducible from them given the underlying deducibility relation.
The liking for something over another as the first choice.
First three months of the year.
This is a schedule to RBI Act detailing local boards and their areas as specified in section 9 of the RBI Act.
The public Treasury.
Connected with money, taxes, debts etc. owned and managed by the government.
When more reliance is placed on fiscal measure to achieve the objectives of fiscal policy.
It is an attempt or action taken by the government to counteract inflation or deflation by introducing changes in tax structure and by regulating expenditure.
The steps initiated to streamline the anomalies in fiscal management.
In general terms it refers to the excess of expenditure over revenues during a specified period in a government budget.
Something that is introduced to encourage to maintain fiscal discipline.
Instruments / initiatives through which fiscal managements is done.
Certain initiatives / actions which the fiscal authority can pursue or initiate.
The work which is connected with the implementation of the fiscal policy.
The use of taxation in the budget as a weapon of monetary policy.
Inter governmental relations relating to implementation of the fiscal policy.
An organisation engaged in conducting research / studies in fiscal matters.
The authority that is assigned under fiscal policy.
Fiscal measure which make the economy more active.
Tax year or year of assessment.
A place where fish reared.
An industry for catching, packing and selling of fish.
A place where fish caught.
This is a theory propagated by an American economist Mr. Fisher that explains that the nominal interest rate will be the sum of the real interest rate and a premium for inflation.
breakage of the skin or mucous membrane
a crack or tear in the skin of anal canal
an abnormal passage that connects an abscess, cavity or a hollow organ to the skin or another organ
To be suitable.
Suited for purpose.
a disease characterized by sudden uncontrolled contractions of voluntary muscles along with impaired consciousness, generally due to abnormal electrical activity in the brain
a physical condition characterized by impaired consciousness and involuntary contractions of skeletal muscles
To decide and fix at appropriate place.
The state of being fit.
the state of being physically and mentally healthy
A certificate to declare some one fit.
A code showing how to use the programming interfaces.
The act of fixing.
The act of determining.
act of making something stable
A process by which plant tissues are prevented from being decayed.
A limit of availing loan by the borrower fixed by the bank (maximum).
To determine the pay.
Act of determining the right to ownership.
a chemical that fixes the tissue or cells to slide for microscopic examination
A material which is used for the preservation of specimens of plant tissues.
Which has been decided and not subject to change.
Any asset of a business that has been purchased for retention and use in the business.
Block signifies physical record and on a disk it is of the same size that is why we call it fixed block.
A budget which is not subject to change.
The amount invested in fixed assets of the business.
The process when fixed capital is increased by more investment.
Charges which are of the regular nature and charged to profits.
Date which has been fixed for making payment or meeting some obligation.
An arrangement under which a fixed amount is debited to the account or amount payable.
A stock floated by the government which has no maturity.
It is similar to COMP - 3 in most compilers and always identical to PACKED - DECIMAL (the new standard for COBOL).
A deposit which is repayable at a fixed future date.
An account for fixed deposit.
A receipt which is issued to the depositor of money for a fixed period.
It is the official rate set for one or more currencies by the concerned monetary authorities.
The fixed system of issuing notes by the central bank of country without backing of gold or silver.
It is a entry device which employs a solid state memory for storing data.
Amount of grant which is not variable but fixed.
It is a background image that will stay in one place while the rest of text and images scroll over the top of it.
A system of making repayment of loan or redeeming a liability on periodical instalments which are fixed.
It is a block with fixed - length or fixed - format records, each field starts and ends at the same place in every record.
A file where all the records are of the same length is said to have fixed length records.
Debt or pecuniary obligation which is fixed.
A market which is steady not changing frequently.
The income in money terms which does not vary.
A type of allowance paid monthly.
The operating expense of a business enterprise.
A scheme that maps the keys to a fixed set of partitions, for example, you could use a normal hashing algorithm that takes the key and converts it to an integer.
Retaining of a rate of exchange which doest not vary.
Place which has already been decided.
A theorem which state that for any continuous function f with certain properties there is a pointx0 such that f (x0) = x0.
A fixed - point number is a real data type for a number in computing that has a fixed number of digits after (and sometimes also before) the radix point.
A radix numeration system in which the location of the decimal point is fixed by convention.
A process by which a trap is placed in a certain position so as to find out the insect population in that area.
A price which is not subject to change.
A price already settled.
Where there is no change in the price.
A method wherein radix numeration system is described.
Rate of exchange that is decided in advance.
It is a geostationary communications satellites used for broadcast feeds for television and radio stations and networks, as well as for telephony and data communications.
Which is decided and not subject to change.
Fixed amount of travelling allowance.
A font whose letters each occupy the same amount of space. Also called "monospaced font" or "non - proportional font".
A computer in which data is constrained to lie within words that are all of the same length.
The state of being fixed in the matter of supply of something.
The finance which is made available for a fixed term.
Some items which are considered part of the building being attached to that.
lacking firmness or tone
A disease in silkworms which is due to contiminated plant leaves.
A piece of cloth (generally) with coloured pattern / picture which represent a country / organisation.
A piece of cloth (generally) with coloured pattern / picture which represent a country / organisation.
A projection which resemble a whip and used for movement.
A projection which resemble a whip and used by the bacteria for movement.
The rate of growth which is declining.
When demand for goods and services is declining.
An indicator used for various purposes with a view to quick and easy reference, also for website investigations.
A sequenc in data transmission or processing, for a sequence of bits used to delimit, i. e. mark the beginning and end of a frame.
a flat thin piece or layer of something
a chip - like layer of something
An excretory part which is used to pass out waste material.
An act of posting or sending offensive messages over the internet.
A flat piece of paper loosely fixed at one end and can be moved easily.
a piece of living tissue, usually of skin, used for grafting
A transition ad, a web page having commercial message which appears temporarily between two other web pages.
It is a plug - and - play portable storage device with a light weight recoginized by the computer and a removable drive.
A type of constantly - powered non volatile memory which can be erased and programmed in blocks.
A small storage medium used for storing data for use on small, portable or remote computing devices.
A group of strangers organising themselves using electronic media to gather in a public place, behave in a decided way for a fixed time and quickly disperse.
It is a group of computer enthusiasts gathering at one place for a short time to function as a supercomputer and to work on a single problem.
It is a data repository or system using Flash memory.
When there is sudden increase in the flow of cash.
A place to live consisting of set of rooms with other facilities that is part of a large building.
Flat - ASCII text file will be helpful for you.
This is a plotter where the paper is fixed on a flat surface and pens are moved to draw the image.
A type of optical scanner that consists of a flat surface on which you lay documents to be scanned.
Such bonds which are sold without accrued interest.
a bone that is thin, flat with smooth surface
The commission which is the same in all cases.
The cost which does not automatically vary with change in volume of production.
The yield curve that shows the same yield or short or long maturity.
A file having no structured inter relationship.
It is a system of files where each files are kept systematically having a different name.
A method of filing papers where surface of one paper is against another.
a condition in which arch of the foot collapses so that entire sole can touch the ground
Situation where abnormal fluctaion in prices is not seen.
A market in which turnover as also the activity is low.
Paper money that is not convertible (into gold etc.) and is declared by the government to be legal tender.
The price which does not change or there is little chance in its variation.
A rate which is same in all cases.
Rate which is not proportional but same.
When increase in prices is knocked down.
Flat text does not contain information about text sizes or styles so it is the most efficient way to store text.
presence of excessive gas in the bowels
gas in the intestines which is expelled through anus
An amount of income that someone has received from his / her investment in percentage term.
a substance used for giving or adding flavour to
The process of stripping off the skin or hide and making leather from it.
a wingless blood - sucking insect having property of jumping instead of flying, which feeds on mammals
remaining for a short period
passing away quickly
Which is full of mass and pulpy as that in fruit.
something having the property of being flexed or bent easily
A thin, flexible plastic disk coated with magnetic material, on which data and programs can be stored for later retrieval.
The tariff which is not rigid or fixed but can be modified (based on some norms).
Working hours which could be variable.
a muscle whose contraction results in bending of a joint or limb
Prices which are not rigid but can bend.
The act of escaping from dealing in dollar.
The money which starts fleeing the moment it finds a better avenue for earning.
When capital starts running away from a country or some sector.
Which is craving for degree of excellence.
Paltry or superficial reasons.
A flip - flop is a term referring to an electronic circuit that has two stable states and thereby is capable of serving as one bit of memory.
Which provides quick returns.
to remain on the surface of a fluid without sinking
The setting up of a trading company ie to float a company.
To come to the market with offer of loan / bond.
The interval between the issuance of cheque and its payment by the drawer 's bank, that serves availability of amount for few days till clearance of cheque.
Launching of a new capital issue.
The process of launching a new limited liability company.
When debentures are offered for sale to public through prospectus.
An instrument on the strength of which overnight or call money lending is made by banks.
An instrument on the strength of which overnight or call money lending is made by banks.
Any asset that can be easily converted into cash.
Assets which can be converted easily into cash.
A bridge drifting in water.
Capital that has not been invested.
A charge given over asset but allows the chargee to use the asset as he thinks fit.
The exchange rate of currency which is allowed to float within a specified band or totally free according to market forces.
The debenture that imposes an equitable charge on the company 's fluctuating assets.
A debt that is continuously renewed usually on a short term basis.
It is the rate of currency which may vary depending upon its demand and supply.
Financial resources in the form of working capital.
a kidney that is abnormally displaced and movable
The liability that shifts from one item to another (in terms of security).
The loan which is given against charge of assets which changes.
The amount of money which is not invested in a definite asset but is available for day - to - day business.
Where the mortgaged object can change from one asset to another (same as floating charge).
Offer on the stock / capital market to raise a loan.
The point instructions operate on floating - point, integer, and binary coded decimal (BCD) operands.
It describes a system for numerical representation in which a string of digits (or bits) represents a rational number.
A floating - point unit (FPU) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations onfloating point numbers.
Floating - point numbers are represented in computer hardware as base 2 (binary) fractions. For example, the decimal fraction.
Experiencing some loss of precision due to absence of an exact binary representation.
Floating - point radix is a decimal point, or, more commonly in computers, binary point which can "float" or can be placed anywhere relative to the significant digits of the number.
A record of floating point like the Intel x86 have dedicated floating - point registers, while some take it as far as independent clocking schemes.
A System in which numbers are represented by means of a decimal fraction and an exponent.
A marine policy (usually) covering goods in whatever ship they may be.
Such temporary infrastructure which has been created for arranging production.
A debt security whose coupon rate is periodically adjusted upwards or downwards within a band based on some index.
These are secuirities issued in Euro Market where the interest rate is floating rather that fixed.
Such rate of interest which is charged by a bank on loan given on which both the bank and borrower have agreed for altering it.
Securities which are movable and less permanent in nature.
Such part of the paid up share capital of a company which is available for day - to - day trading.
An amount of notes and cashes that the cashier maintain in his cash - box for operations.
An amount of notes and cashes that the cashier maintain in his cash - box for operations.
a process of rapid precipitation in which suspended solute particles aggregate to form fluffy masses
Such areas where possibility of floods is more.
A storey of a building.
The area of the surface of a floor.
The amount which is authorised in a financial transaction.
The interest rate which is the minimum / at the lowest.
Such interest rate which is minimum on lending facilities.
The state or structure of interest rates which is the lowest.
A limit (minimum) which has been mutually agreed.
The price which is the lowest, beyond which it cannot be.
The rate which is the minimum.
total area of a floor
A member of the commodity exchange who trades on the floor either for self or for others.
A diskette with a removable data storage medium used in PC.
A floppy disk is in fact a flexible material storing data magnetically. quoted with iron oxide.
A floppy disk controller (FDC) is a special - purpose chip and associated circuitry that directs and controls reading from and writing to a computer 's floppy disk drive (FDD).
An acronym for 'Floating Point Operations Per Second which is a measurement unit defining number of floating point operations per second by a processor.
the plant life occuring in a particular region or time
group of plants in a specific region or time
Plant life which includes all plant species.
Something that is related to flowers.
Is a diagramatic cross section of a flower and its structure along with the components.
A system where flower parts are represented in certain symbols, numbers or letters.
A miniature flower found in grasses etc.
having red colour, especially used to denote skin or skin lesions
Setting up of a new trading etc. company.
To come to market with loan proposal / offer.
Continuous movement.
movement of liquid in a stream
The ingredients are ground finely and miXed with water for using it on plants.
A form of routing which uses adoptive routing algorithms and base their decisions on the traffic conditions between one computer to other.
A flowchart is a graphic representation of how a process works, showing, at a minimum, the sequence of steps.
A graphic presentation showing position of movement.
Flowcharting is a tool for analysing processes.
A graphic representation of an algorithm, often used in the design phase of programming to work out the logical flow of a program.
A modeling technique introduced in the 1940 / 50s and popularized for structured development in the 1970s (Gane and Sarson 1979) as well as business modeling.
A management of data flow between computers, other devices or nodes in a network for handling it at an efficient pace.
A curve on a graph describing the relationship of driving pressure to the resulting volumetric flow rate in the airways at any given lung inflation.
Is an ornamental yield of a plant which also is a reproductive organ.
The high level bond which is always in demand.
Plants that produce flowers or fruits.
It is a representation in computer science using graph notation, of all paths that might be traversed while executing a program.
A framing of flow machine has a rotatable spindle, a rotary drive for the spindle, and a pressure tool fitted to one of the spindle end faces an axially movable counterpressure support for a workpiece placed on the pressure tool.
a device that measures properties of a flow of liquid or gas, such as rate, velocity, pressure etc.
When credit is made available in the desired quantity.
When credit is made available in the desired quantity.
In computer networking, flow control is the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes to prevent a fast sender from overrunning a slow receiver.
The supply of credit in plentiful.
Supply or availability of financial resources.
The supply of liquid resources (money).
Process of continuous production (large scale production).
A network routing technology which takes variation in data flow for increasing routing efficiency.
Asset of which size / value keeps on changing.
The expenses which are of irregular nature may move up and down.
Charges which are not fixed.
The rate of currency which may vary depending upon certain factors.
The interest which is not fixed but may rise and fall.
The changes that occur in the plant during embryonic development on account of external conditions.
Moving up and down (rise and fall in value).
Process of going up and down (in prices).
to shift back and forth irregularly
Fall and increase in price of something.
Moving up and down of the prices.
Treated with smoke.
a substance capable of flowing
In interpreted functions all formal parameters and PROG form variables are considered to have fluid binding until changed to local binding by compilation.
The quality of labour being fluid.
Such assets which are capable of being converted into cash easily without any loss.
Such assets which are capable of being converted into cash easily without any loss.
A market which is not stable - moving up and down.
Resources which can be used / changed easily.
Such savings which can be easily converted in cash - which are not tied up.
Situation which is changing very frequently.
emission of visible light by a substance when it is exposed to visible light or x - rays
Examination of internal structures of the body with the use of a fluoroscope
appearance of erythema for short duration, geneally due to heat, exertion or a disease
abnormal and excessively rapid rhythm of contraction, especially of the atria or ventricles of heart
movement of a substance through a membrane or surface in either direction
to escape
a small insect possessing a pair of wings
A method of raising money by mis - utilising the accommodation bill facility or by creating an artificial activity.
A type of transformer used in the power supply of a cathode ray tube that generates the high voltage needed as part of the supply of a CRT display or for other devices such as plasma globes.
An act of businessman who is only interested in quick profits through dishonest methods.
An act of businessman who is only interested in quick profits through dishonest methods.
An entrepreneur of dishonest means who cannot be relied upon.
The index which is not static but which is based on permissible movement.
A group of people (generally police) who are ready for quick action in case of some mistake.
A body organised for ready movement (police etc.).
A page kept blank at the beginning or end of the book.
A bridge over a crossing.
froth
A substance when mixed with a particular liquid produces foam or bubbles.
of or related to localized area of disease or infection
The bank which receives maximum attention from the people.
The branch has been given a special status for making contact by the customers.
localized area of disease or infection
A point at which rays of light or other radiation converge or from which they appear to diverge, as after refraction or reflection in an optical system.
of or related to fetus
heart of fetus
Destroying an unborn offspring more than eight weeks after conception.
having an offensive smell
human embryo from the eighth week of pregnancy to its birth
state of mental confusion
A treatment or study carried out on plants by creating a artificial fog environment inorder to draw helpful conclusions.
a ridge formed by folding of a membrane or layer
a crease produced by folding of a layer or membrane
A folded sheet of hard paper to hold papers or a leaflet.
It concerns programs that are expressed as collections of equations forming recursive function definitions (programs written in a functional language are often essentially in that form)
The folding ratio is the ratio of the sizes of the domain of this hashing function to the size of its range.
Leaves growing at the nodes of the plant branches.
Is a substance comprising of micronutrients which are mixed with water and feed to the plants for better yield.
Leaf of paper numbered on the front.
The process of allotting page numbers in a book.
Allotted number to a page of ledger.
a structure made by a small group of cells which contain a cavity
a crypt, depression or cavity, such as depression in the skin from which hair comes out
A fruit which splits open at maturity inorder to release seeds.
A part in organisms which supplies material for the growth of ovum.
A group of disciples.
That comes after or indicated below.
The market that goes along with the other market.
This service permits the user to get into any of several phone numbers.
To pursue something as a continued action.
subsequent meeting of patient with doctor to monitor treatment
Action that has been initiated to pursue the matter already taken up.
To stir up or instigate.
to apply warmth and moisture to a body part, usually to reduce pain
the process of application of heat and moisture to body parts to relieve pain or swelling
nonliving substances capable of transmitting infectious pathogens from one person to another, such as clothing, utensils etc.
font is a specific typeface of a specific size and style.
gaps in the skull of an infant which are covered by membrane
A ROM cartridge that contains one or more fonts.
A way or device to download fonts into a printer from the computer 's storage device.
It is the typeface that is applied to some text.
It is one of several system enhancements originally included in the Plus! pack for Windows 95.
It is the process of using one font in place of another when the intended font either is not available or does not contain glyphs for the required characters.
something that is eaten or drunk, essentially to provide nutrition
something that is consumed to provide essential nutrients to body
Such articles of consumption which are required for maintaining day - to - day life.
A chart which depicts how one organism consumes or is consumed by other organism.
A chart which depicts how one organism consumes or is consumed by other organism.
Credit / Loans which are provided for food stocks.
Crops which are used for eating to maintain life.
any component of food
A programme sponsored by govt. where wages for work are paid in kind in the form of food grains and not in cash.
Seeds of wheat, rice, maize etc.
an acute gastrointestinal disorder caused by consumption of poisonous or contaminated food, with symptoms like vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal pain
Work relating to processing of food articles.
To prepare food articles through several processes.
To purchase grains from the producers directly by the government authorised agency.
Economy where food production is mainstay.
An interrelation of food chaims in an ecosystem.
A size of paper used for writing or printing.
terminal part of the lower limb which touches the ground while standing
end portion of the lower limb which bears weight and helps in locomotion
Is the lowermost part.
A platform for the feet.
inability to raise the anterior portion of the foot
An appearance at the bottom of every page of a document.
Industries which are free to go wherever they like.
A note recorded or printed at the bottom of the page.
Footprint is the impression or image left behind by a person or animal walking.
impression of one 's foot on a surface
support for feet
To make payment of the bill.
The transaction (sale etc.) that is not paid instantly but included / written in the account. (A type of credit)
natural hole or opening
natural openings or apertures
Refraining people from doing something.
Which is not permissible or cannot be done under the law in force.
Which has been purchased on cash payment basis.
power or strength
It is the distance that the spring has been stretched or compressed away from the equilibrium position, which is the position where the spring would naturally come to rest (meters).
When practicing economy has been forced upon.
Coercing people to work.
Coercing someone to go on leave.
When the loan is thrust upon someone.
It specifies the page - breaking behavior that should occur before an element box and on what side of the page the content that follows should resume on.
A method of Small Computer System Interface (SCSI), A cable with Forced Perfect termination can change its impedance to compensate for variations along the bus.
When one is compelled to resort selling.
When one made to save involuntarily.
an instrument used for holding or pulling something, generally in surgery
a surgical instrument used for grasping or traction of body parts
the part of upper limb that lies between wrist and elbow
To predict about something in advance.
To predict something in advance.
The process of taking away someone 's (borrower) property who has failed to meet his obligation in time (e. g. default in repayment etc.).
The law relating to matters connected with or covering the foreclosure.
Which is mentioned earlier.
As indicated earlier.
A result which is easily predictable.
A debt which is preceding or exists before.
Methods to embed the images as foreground images by using the CSS2 generated content mechanism via the before pseudo element.
Normally, when a command is given it is executed immediately and it is not possible to give other commands until it has been completed, this mode of working is referred to as running jobs in the foreground.
An execution of a program that preempts the use of the processing system.
The task that requires the user 's attention while another task runs in background.
A first part of the food cannal of insects which develops later into the other organs.
the part of face above eyebrows.
Situated in other than one 's own country.
Matters relating to foreign countries.
Programme under which assistance received from foreign countries.
Allowance paid for working in other country.
The banks which are registered in foreign countries and having their head office outside the country.
Notes (promissory notes) which are issued by a foreign bank under authority from respective governments.
Any bill of exchange payable abroad or drawn and payable abroad is a foreign bill.
Under discounting advance is granted against bills which would mature for payment after a certain period of time (i. e. usance bills)
Handling of foreign bills by banks on instruction received for delivering documents / obtaining payments etc.
When an advance is allowed against demand foreign bills which are payable on presentation by the drawee.
things in the body that are introduced from outside
anything in the body that is introduced from outside
A branch of the bank which is situated in a foreign country.
Capital received from a foreign country.
Working together with another country.
Such companies or firms where controlling interests vest with a foreign company.
Companies which have resorted to preferential allotment of shares to foreign share holders resulting in controlling interest by them.
Bank in a country which acts for another bank in the other country when so required under mutual arrangement.
This is an instrument issued by a bank in favour of the seller of goods (exporter) on behalf of his customer giving an undertaking to honour the documents as specified in the letter of credit.
The money of any foreign country.
Assets which are held in foreign currency.
Loan / credit facility which has been obtained in currency of another country.
A type of account maintained by banks in foreign exchange for non - residents. Generally maintained in the form of term deposits.
Currency notes which are issued in the currency of a foreign country.
Investments by foreigners not routed through Government Channel.
The sale of shareholding by foreign share holders.
Responsiveness of goods / market to change in price.
An employer based in a foreign country.
A person from a foreign country (who is not an Indian citizen).
The exchange of one currency to another.
Such assets which are in the form of foreign exchange.
Commercial trading in different foreign currencies.
The tax levied to discourage people to spend lavishly the foreign exchange.
Property (shares etc.) owned in foreign currency.
Such liabilities which are to be met in foreign exchange.
Loans which have been obtained in foreign currencies.
An act (Law) to regulate matters relating to foreign exchange.
Rules framed by the competent authority of a country to regulate foreign exchange business, which aims at proper control utilisation of foreign exchange resources.
The amount of foreign currency hold by a country to finance / meet the calls from its overseas creditors for settlement of debts.
This is the type of risk taken when one needs to buy or sell foreign currency.
The act of carrying through a piece of business in foreign exchange.
A vessel sailing through foreign waters.
Articles which are made / manufactures outside the country.
A person or agency in other country who / which is importing goods from the country.
Income generated in foreign country.
Banks which are incorporated outside India and have paid up capital and reserves equivalent of the amount as specified by RBI.
An overseas institution that invests money in the country (like Pension Funds, Banks, Insurance Companies etc.).
An instrument drawn up in a foreign country like bill of exchange etc.
The money or funds which are coming from overseas for placing into the capital of business for obtaining returns.
A certificate to the effect that some money has been received from overseas through remittance.
A key of database table from another table refering a specific key with a primary key in a table being used wherein a primary key can be targeted by multiple foreign keys from other tables.
Nationals of Indian origin as defined in Indian Law, who have been granted citizenship of another country.
Any network in the mobile internet protocol except home network having facility of connecting a mobile device.
Whose ancestors lived in foreign country.
The entity which is undertaking business of broker when owned by foreign nations / institution.
Foreign based persons / entities entering into contract with nationals (India).
Railway which is bought from outside.
Funds transmitted from foreign countries through banking channel.
Funds invested in companies abroad in approved form of securities.
A cadre of service devoted to services in foreign countries or dealing with foreign matters.
Service outside India.
A list of imported and exported goods on which duty is payable.
Collaboration with one or more foreign companies / groups to work together.
Persons from overseas who visit for pleasure.
The importing and exporting of goods and services between different countries.
An indicator of how national income changes in respect of foreign trade.
The policy formulated by the government covering of foreign trade.
A register maintained by the competent authority to register the names / details of foreign trade operators.
When different geographical zones are decided to regulate / control the foreign trade operators.
The scheme introduced in 1970, in terms of which residents of India irrespective of their age, visiting some countries were made eligible to obtain some fixed exchange release in USD.
A tax levied for undertaking foreign travel.
The order by post office for payment of money out of India by means of money order.
An undertaking started in a foreign country.
A person in a factory who is head of a group of workers.
the part of the day before noon.
related to or used for legal proceedings or law
An act of using insect information to solve cases.
An act of using insect information to solve cases.
a branch of medicine that deals with relation and application of medical aspects to legal proceedings
A branch of medicine that deals with application of medical knowledge to the needs of law and justice
A code or character embedded in a digital document, image, video or computer programme.
Ability to imagine what is likely to happen.
a retractable and loose fold of skin that covers the head of penis
An area having dense trees and plants serving as home of animals and plant species.
The act of preventing or hindering someone by doing something beforehand.
A rest house situated in forest area.
Science of planting and taking care of trees (forests).
An introductory note in a book.
The business relating to foreign exchange.
Seizure of property or right as penalty.
When a partly paid shareholder fails to pay the amount due on call the shares are declared as forfeit.
Shares which have been forfeited.
The act of forfeiting.
The process of forfeiting.
Which has been made by forgery.
A coin which is not genuine but made up by forgery.
A note made up through forged means which is not genuine.
Refund order which has been made by forgery.
One who makes forged things.
Act of making something fraudulently.
Some thing that has been forged (looking like original).
When the shares are not transferred in a genuine manner but in a fraudulent manner.
It is a tool of cutlery or kitchenware consisting a handle with two or more narrow tines at one end.
A blank document.
to make or produce
structure, shape or appearance of an object
A shape or an external appearance.
Which is in accordance with the accepted rules / conventions.
Approval granted as per the accepted rules.
Education or skill acquired in a school / institution (not merely based on experience).
A body which has been established as per rules of the land.
Things done in observance of the rules or convention.
Following certain convention / rules.
It is a set of words, i. e. finite strings of letters, or symbols.
It is a set of rules for making deductions that seem self evident.
An act of issuing a notice as prescribed under rules.
A partner who is not actively participating in the affairs of the firm.
Sanction which is granted after following required formalities.
Sanction which is granted after following required formalities.
In formal logic, a formal system consists of a formal language together with a deductive system which consists of a set of inference rules and / or axioms.
Shape, size and style of something like (shape, size, make up of a book).
A statement pertaining to the content embraced by the format and it 's description.
The process of being formed something.
process of forming or making something
process in which something is made or produced
Expenses in connection with forming something.
having the ability to form new cells or tissue
When something (company) is being given a shape - the initial stage of development.
A system of formating lines like colour, style and shadow for a line or set of lines.
Formitting the output as a list of properties wherein each property appears on a new line.
Various factors to be followed as a format for a project or such other task.
Accomodating field for a desired display.
A formatted record consists of a sequence of ASCII characters that can print in a readable format.
A service for preparing a hard disk to get it ready for a safe and fast work.
It is the process of preparing a hard disk or other storage medium for use, including setting up an empty file system.
Belonging to an earlier time (former and still living).
Mentioned first of the two or one who survives.
Service of an earlier time.
Filling the data in a format, it is also a FBML components which allow applications to publish Feed stories on behalf of users.
It forces the printer to eject the current page and to continue printing at the top of another.
Text or display appearing at the end of the form.
an abnormal sensation as if ants are creeping in or upon the skin
A form of instrument through which legal transfer of a right or property is effected.
Form covering terms etc. of contract.
Form pertaining to accounts in the beginning.
A form used for / submitting bidding a tender.
A form used for transfer of shares / securities etc.
A section to set above to allow for position of a letterhead, logo, three columns of text, and page identifier at the bottom of the page.
A service which can be used with any WWW browser.
The structure of the capital of company / business establishment.
A fixed form of words.
a substance mady according to a recipe or prescription for preparing a medicine
Representation on a mixture showing proportion of different components.
A bar in Excel located above the work area of the spreadsheet.
A methodology for mathematical solutions like Mathematica which handles formulas of all types, from polynomials with millions of terms to complex combinations of higher mathematical functions.
To devise something.
To make something according to rule.
The act of expressing clearly and precisely.
A mixture formed with respect to a particular formula.
A mixture formed with respect to a particular formula.
Preparation of such schemes which can generate enough profits for their independent existence and growth.
Which is likely to appear.
Without delay - immediate.
process of making something more strong or effective
A period of two weeks.
Occurring once a fortnight.
Report prepared / submitted every fortnight.
It is a programming language that is especially suited to numeric computation and scientific computing.
A specific popular programming for scientific and engineering applications.
Condition which is accidental or casual.
A meeting place of people for open discussions.
A bill or something issued to indicate that value either the form of goods, cash or services has been received.
To send or despatch to someone.
Which is located in the front (near border).
Relating to a future date.
Such facilities which are considered for undertaking a project smoothly after production (like marketing) and before starting production (like availability of raw material etc.)
An external voltage applied to a PN junction.
Purchasing an article (shares etc.) delivery and payment for which is made on a forward or future date.
The rate at which payment for forward buying is to be made.
It is one of the two main methods of reasoning when using inference rules in artificial intelligence.
A time Division Multiplexed (TDM) channel.
The cost of carriage to be paid for an arrival of goods at the destination.
It is a transaction in which buyer and seller of specified commodity, security, foreign currency etc. agree upon trade on a future date.
The purchase / sale of a commodity / secunty etc. for delivery at a future date.
To by a security to offset a possible impact of meeting future liability.
A system of trading in shares that has a mechanism to allow buyers and sellers to defer delivery and payment of shares on payment of some charges.
When delivery of the item (shares etc.) is to be given / taken at a future date.
A method wherein the delta operator is used as delta (f (x)) = f (x + h) - f (x) where h is the step size.
This is the difference between the spot rates and forward rates in the foreign exchange market.
The traditional process of moving from high - level abstractions and logical, implementation - independent designs to the physical implementation of a system.
A method to obtain error control in data transmission wherein the source, a transmitter, sends redundant data and the destination, the receiver, recognizes only those data which contains no apparent errors.
Foreign currency bought or sold for delivery on some future date.
Such transactions in foreign exchange where agreement has been made for future delivery.
An alternate deal to offset the possible impact of meeting liability in forward exchange deal.
A scheme formulated for exporters / importers who wish to cover themselves against the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates.
Purchase / sale of foreign currency at some future date which may be fixed or between two specified dates.
It is a header bit transmitted by the source terminal requesting that the destination terminal slow down its request for data.
Facilities to cover risk of fluctuations in exchange rates which may adversely affect the realisation of exports.
When the dealer take two different forward positions at opposite to buy or sell.
When the dealer take two different forward positions at opposite to buy or sell.
A method of stepwise regression.
An agent who undertakes the collection, forwarding, documentation and delivery of goods.
Charges for undertaking work relating to forwarding.
A letter giving description of the material etc. being sent.
A note giving the details / description of goods and the name and address of the consignee.
Steps taken to take forward the monetary policy progressing to maturity.
Steps taken to take forward the monetary policy progressing to maturity.
Market where sale or purchase of securities / commodities or any other financial instruments is done on the basis of delivery and payment at future date.
The value at which forward deals of buy or sale are to materalise.
Purchase of goods delivery of which is to be given at a future date.
A contract for purchase of a specific commodity, security or any other financial instrument for delivery and payment at some future date.
Such purchases of dollars delivery and payment of which is to be effected at a future date.
Such purchases of dollars delivery and payment of which is to be effected at a future date.
An agreement for purchase / sale of foreign currency at agreed rate for specific amount of currency delivery of which will be at a future date.
A contract for sale of a specific commodity, security or any other financial instrument for delivery and payment at some future date.
Selling products such as shares, commodities etc. at an agreed price on a fixed date in future.
An advance scanning producing high - resolution underwater imagery in range of visibility conditions.
An order for shipping of goods at a future date.
It is the name of the "/" character on the computer keyboard.
Trading in share / securities without delivery is a kind of speculative trading where settlement is done on the basis of difference of contract rate and rate on day of settlement.
Trading in share / securities without delivery is a kind of speculative trading where settlement is done on the basis of difference of contract rate and rate on day of settlement.
A term of official use to tell about a context.
anatomical depression or cavity
Organic remains of animals or plants that existed before.
A type of insect found on plants eg, cricket.
A group of insects which dig holes in soil and dump their eggs into it.
Legs which are flat and have horny structure on them.
This is a process through which credit sales are converted into cash.
A bill of lading which is violative of some rule.
A line marked on a sports field outside of which a ball is not allowed to be played.
Accounts related to foundry (where metals are moulded).
The underlying principle on which something is based.
Solid layer of construction material on which superstructure of a building stands.
the base upon which something stands or is supported
Person who has taken initiative is establishing some institution.
A person who has been associated with the institution since its formation stage.
Also known as deferred shares, and are issued on the condition that they will receive dividend only if the ordinary share has been paid in full.
Shares which are issued to promotion (of a company).
An aggregation or half an octet which corresponds to a single hexadecimal digit as it contains 4 bits and thus sixteen (24) possible values.
It describes the process of breaking the function into a sum of simpler pieces making trigonometric functions easier.
An operation that transforms one complex - valued function of a real variable into another.
A epidermal layer in plants with more than 1 layer.
A plan of action that covers many sides having an overall approach.
It is the computers of the modern day having improved techniques with advanced integerated circuits.
A programming language developed to communicate on computers with common and commercial business softwares.
The market which is yet to be developed, has potential.
An advanced technique used by high - end motherboards / chipsets to improve memory performance.
A type of associative cache for mapping which avoids too many conflicts putting four associative cache lines in each block.
It is a two - way circuit using two paths arranged in such a way that the respective signals are transmitted in one direction only by one path and in the other direction by the other path.
This programe will save in FPROM.
A fractal is a rough or fragmented geometric shape which can be split into parts, with a reduced - size copy of the whole.
A small part of something.
A division of a whole number in mathematics.
any small part of something
Pertaining to or relating to a fraction.
Paper currency in denominations less than the standard monetary unit.
Money which is in very small quantity / (coin etc.) denominations.
When annual premium is expressed on a proportionate basis for a month or quarter.
Under this system money supply is increased by providing a reserve for a fraction of the amount of deposit etc.
study of gastric acidity by collection of samples of gastric juice at frequent intervals after a standard meal
a break or crack in the bone
Goods which damages or breaks easily.
the quality of being easily broken or shattered
In computer graphics Fragment refers the data necessary to generate a pixel in the frame buffer.
Data which is not complete in itself but broken off in parts.
It is a phenomenon in which storage space is used inefficiently, reducing storage capacity and in most cases performance.
Plots of agricultural land which are being divided into small pieces and broken.
Plots of agricultural land which are being divided into small pieces and broken.
It is use of multiple independently controllable sections while creating a web site. The effect is created through each section as separate HTML file and one as a master HTML file.
A video output device which drives the display of the video from a memory buffer containing a complete frame of data.
It refers to the extra checksum characters added to a frame in a communication protocol for error detection and correction.
A FCS field in FCS contains a number that is calculated by the source node based on the data in the frame. This number is added to the end of a frame that is sent.
With frame forwarding, a user is redirected to the site without knowing that the site actually resides at another location
A frame grabber is an electronic device that captures individual, digital still frames from an analog video signal or a digital video stream.
A program for sending one image per second to another PC.
It is the number of frames or images projected per second in motion pictures.
It is used for connecting LAN with mejor backbones, also on public wide area networks and even private network environments with leased lines over T - 1 lines.
An efficient data transmission technique in computer networking used to send digital information.
It is a box which shows header and trailer information of outgoing data packets and removes it in incoming packets.
A basic structure designed to bear a load in a lightweight economical manner.
Basic system or supporting structure.
An outline of a basic system on which decisions can be based.
An essential supporting structure for something.
A term used in a web page implying that a website can be organized into frames wherein each frame displays a different HTML document.
In a bit stream, framing bits are used in determining the beginning or end of a frame. They occur at specified positions in the frame, do not carry information, and are usually repetitive.
A protocol used in Universal Mobile Telecommunications System on the Iur and Iub interfaces to frame channels supported between the SRNC (Serving Radio Network Controller) and UE (User Equipment).
An agreement between the retailer and the whole seller (distributor) under which marketing rights of goods are granted to the retailer.
The right to vote in an election.
An exemption granted from a burden in an agreement etc.
Stores which are run under the franchise system.
A machine which stamps or franks envelops with a symbol indicating that the postage has been paid.
Excreta of insects which mainly consists of plant waste.
An intentional deception for unfair gains.
Trying to gain something fraudulently to which one is not legally entitled.
Where chances of committing fraud are more easily available.
The person who commits fraud.
Which is deceitful.
A claim which is not genuine but prepared through fraudulent means.
A creditor who may not be operating genuinely and smells a fraud.
A false statement made with intention to deceive.
The liking of something over another which may not be on genuine consideration but based on fraud.
A settlement / agreement which has been obtained through intentional unfair means.
Travelling which is deceitful.
A person who uses something unauthorized or without consent.
Damage which is unusual or abnormal.
A mailing service consisting simple email with messages used as a medium for interactive collaborative learning.
Which does not cast anything.
Available without charge.
without any charge or cost
not bound or not confined
without any obstruction
Which is open to all.
Not obstructed or restricted.
Which does not cost anything.
To exempt from doing something.
Give someone their freedom.
When costs and risks of the goods sold are borne by the seller upto quay.
Delivering goods by the seller along side the ocean going vessel and from this point all risks / responsibility will be that of the buyer.
When the seller of the goods must load on the board at his cost and risk.
It is a software developed by informal collaborative networks of programmers licensed its source coding free of cost.
Such articles on which no tax is levied.
Goods which are not subject to any tax when out of the right way.
Banking with no obstruction or restriction.
A free and open source operating system based on BSD (Berkely Software Distribution) version of Unix operating system.
That part of capital in bank which in other companies termed as working capital.
A place where small eggs are developed in a compound ovary, with or without septa.
When coins are made as per law at a fixed charge proportionate to the cost of metal.
Competition which is open to all.
When no restrictions are imposed on conversion of one currency to another.
When one can obtain credit as per own 's choice / need.
An area which has been specified for exchange of foreign currency with no restriction.
A market where people can buy and sell currency without much interference from the government / monetary authorities.
Delivery of goods at destination without any charge.
Those who were associated with the struggle of attaining freedom for the country.
It is an Act of UK Parliament under which government - held information may be accessed to the public.
When undue / excessive restrictions are not imposed on trading activities.
The system for the management and development of the resources of the country with least interference from the government / authorities.
Education where no fees etc. is required to be paid.
Where private business is allowed without much control / restrictions.
The price of one currency in terms of another based on demand and supply and market forces.
The stock of foreign currency of a country which is not under restraint.
It is programming format of a radio stationt wherein the disc jockey is given total control over what music to play, regardless of music genre or commercial interests.
A professional chart and graph component for ASP. NET and Windows Forms applications.
Goods which are not subject to tax.
Goods which are available without any cost.
When the seller of the goods must deliver the goods at harbour on his cost and risk.
When absolute ownership is enjoyed over land for unlimited time.
A term that denote that ownership of estate can be held in perpetuity.
Land on which complete ownership is enjoyed.
Accounts relating to free hold lease.
Articles which can be imported without any additional formalities or specific permission.
Articles which can be imported without any additional formalities or specific permission.
One who pursues his activity by himself.
It is a software application used for creating words, sentences and pictures which tell a story or support in presenting some information.
Person who is pursuing journalism independently.
A limit in banking terms which is not absolute but can be adjusted in other sub or interse limits.
A list which details the articles / goods which can be freely imported / exported.
living or existing independently
Worms which are neither symbiotic nor parasitic.
It is a service providing free e - mail delivery in exchange for exposure to advertise on the site or for getting personal information.
A facility provided by certain manufacturers / sellers of equipments / household durables etc. to maintain the articles free of cost for a limited period of time.
Such a market where transactions can be carried out without following a cumbersome procedure with least government interference.
Such a market where transactions can be carried out without following a cumbersome procedure with least government interference.
An area which has been designated as free market.
A system of trade where supply and demand are the only influencing factors on price.
It is a business model offering basic features to users free of cost charging only premium for supplemental or advanced features.
It is a free service of network which is decentralized and censorship - resistant distributed data store originally designed by Ian Clarke.
It is an insurance terminology which means that the partial loss clause is not applicable in the policy.
Which is available without any cost.
Dividend on which no tax is charged.
The term that denotes that the seller must load the goods on board the ship and the buyer accepts the liability thereafter.
The term that denotes that the seller must load the goods on board the ship and the buyer accepts the liability thereafter.
The price of goods where seller is required to load the goods on board the vessel.
A term that denotes that the seller must deliver the goods to the railway depot and place them on railway wagon at his cost.
Term that denotes that the seller must deliver the goods to the railway depot and place them on board a railway wagon.
To make a journey by sea free of cost.
A type of Number Translation Service (NTS) in UK. It allows users to call a non - geographic No. beginning with 0800 or 0500 without any charge.
A part where ships of all nation may load or unload free of duty.
System under which price are allowed to be determined without intervention of government.
When rainfall is adequate during the monsoon period.
Reserves which are not enmarked for any specific purpose.
Such type of funds (reserves) which are not earmarked for some specific purpose but can be used as decided.
Such means or support which is available without restrictions as and when needed.
Such resources of the bank which do not require any expenditure.
Those who avail of a facility without payment.
Sale of commodities on which price restriction are not imposed.
The quantity of sugar released by the government for sale in the market with no price restriction.
It is a software that can be freely used, modified and redistributed with condition to its original terms of free use, modification and distribution known as copyleft. Linux, an operating system is an example of freee software.
It is a non - profit corporation to support the free software movement, a copyleft - based movement which aims to promote the universal freedom to distribute and modify computer software.
Founded in 1983 with GNU demonstration. Free refers the use, it does not mean no charge. Stallman and others created FSF to demonstrate that entire operating system may be developed and shared freely.
In wireless technologies FSO refers transmission of modulated visible or infrared beams through the atmosphere to obtain broadband communication.
A free space provided for storing files, photos, videos and music.
It is a physical sector on the surface of a disk or diskette.
A free computer program contained within another program that operates semi - independently of the encasing program.
Such specified time which has been fixed / displayed for loading and unloading of goods on ship.
Such specified time which has been fixed / displayed for loading and unloading of goods on ship.
International trade which is left to its natural course without restrictions being imposed on exports or imports.
An area (geographical) or place where free trade is permissible.
A trader who is engaged in trading of free trade commodities.
Conveyance without any charge for going one place to another.
A programming of small applications availabe for downloading and use in most operating system at no cost.
When goods are allowed to be stored free of any charge
To stop from moving further / doing some act.
When the amount of fixed deposits is not allowed to be withdrawn.
hardening or stiffening due to excess cold
change of liuid state into solid by exposure to excess cold
To fix the amount of allowance at the current level.
To make funds unrealisable.
Charges for carrying goods by vehicle.
The list of articles which are being transported.
Commission paid to the person who arranges for freight.
A certification issued by the concerned agency towards payment of freight charges.
Charges for loading of goods for transport.
Charges for carrying goods by a transport vehicle.
A contract for the purpose of transporting of goods.
A ship designed to carry freight (goods).
Freight paid on incoming goods.
Large amount of freight paid at one time.
Amount of freight that has been paid.
Freight paid on transaction by rail.
The rate at which goods are being carried or transported.
The amount of discount allowed in freight charges.
A receipt for having paid the amount of freight.
When goods are handed over to the consignee.
Freight paid on transportation by ship
Where amount freight is to be paid at destination.
A part or membrane which is connected to the main organs inorder to support them.
The process of being repeated at short intervals.
number of vibrations or oscillations of energy per unit time
rate of occurrence of a repeating event
Division of Frequency band allocated for wireless cellular tel. communication into 30 channels each carrying a digital data.
An act of combining various signals to transmit on a single line assigning different frequency for each signal.
A modulation technique used in spread spectrum signal transmission. In radio transmission repeated switching is used to minimise the effectiveness of unauthorised interception or jumping.
It is a procedure of impressing data onto an alternating current wave by varying the instantaneous frequency of the wave.
Delivering something at a frequent interval.
The number of times or spells in which an event occurs at specified sample points during a defined period.
A specific radio frequency, pair or band of frequencies, usually named with a letter, number, or codeword, and often allocated by international agreement.
A method of transmitting digital signals. With this binary data is converted to FSK through a modum and transmitted to telephone lines, cables, optical fibre, or wireless media.
Which is happening within a period of small time between two events.
A feature of the Internet wherein common type of questions alongwith answers are available.
Loan which has been obtained / floated recently.
Shares which have been issued recently.
A receipt which is newly made.
Such a receipt which has been issued afresh. (in place of earlier one)
Recently created post.
an abnormal auscultatory sound produced by rubbing of two opposed serous surfaces due to inflammation
The amount of tax which is not considered burdensome by the tax payer and that suits the common cause.
The amount of tax which is not considered burdensome by the tax payer and that suits the common cause.
Such benefits which are available to an employee in addition to wages / salary.
The tax imposed on fringe benefit.
Is a large compound leaf.
The frontal upper part of an insect.
of or related to forehead
anterior portion of each cerebral hemisphere
A structure which is present along with the frontal bone.
The portion which is at the front side.
An intermediary computer that does set - up and filtering for another (usually more powerful but less friendly) machine (a "back end").
Such type of discount which are generally granted while making introductory offer for something.
The amount required to be paid to a banker for processing the loan proposal at the initial stage.
A loan made available to an overseas buyer to assist him to pay the exporter.
A machine which receives HTTP requests from a user 's browser, forwards search queries to the database machines using HTTP protocol, receives back a limited number of the best top search results (using a simple XML format, based on OpenSearch specification
It is a software application also referred as Telephony application programme interface (TAPI). In Front - end application users interact directly.
Data is transferred between the host computer and the front end processor using a high - speed parallel interface.
It is a small - sized computer which interfaces to the host computer a number of networks, such as SNA, or a number of peripheral devices, such as terminals, disk units, printers and tape units.
Countries along the international border.
Usually budgetary allocations for expenditure under various heads are made for the full year, but when this amount is spent in the beginning of the year is called front loading of expenditure.
A planning done to deploy staff at the front office where public dealings are done.
It was used on early electronic computers to display and allow the alteration of the state of the machine 's internal registers and memory.
The computer bus which connects the main memory to the memory controller in computer systems. Also called the memory bus, system bus, local bus, or host bus.
a abnormal deposit similar to dew
tissue injury resuling from prolonged exposure to extreme cold
a mixture of saliva with air bubbles
something preserved by freezing
Funds which are held in banks in different type of accounts, not allowed to be withdrawn.
Funds that are held in banks and other institutions which due to Govt. / court order cannot be transferred / used.
Assets which cannot be sold or converted into cash.
A congestion control algorithm for a quick recovery of lost data packet.
Process by which it bears fruit.
a simple sugar found in fruits and honey
In the form of sugar which is normally found in fruits.
presence of fructose in urine
A outcome of plnat reproduction or growth.
The young ones of insects which feed on plant fruits.
Contracts which have not been accomplished due to unforeseen circumstances.
Such savings which are not giving any returns.
To deal with an unforeseen eventuality a clause is incorporated in the contracts to find out a way.
To negotiate or mobilise bigger clients who are of more importance / means.
cooking of food in oil or fat, generally in a pan
It is the data path and physical interface between the processor and the main memory (RAM).
Anything used for generating heat.
Fuel to be used without waste that gives maximum return.
Is an eye or skin diseases caused by worms.
A digital circuit which performs addition of numbers.
When whatever has been applied for or requested has been allotted.
The last payment in the series which redeems full liability.
A bench of judges consisting of full strength.
A list indicating their scientific names with required information like group etc.
Where the value of metal as contained in the coin is equal to the value of its legal tender.
Money itself has no value made of paper but represents on circulation the amount of money equal to commodity value.
The savings which can be done to the maximum extent possible.
Price which is fixed / determined after taking into account all factors of cost.
Providing protection for all the risks.
Extent of protection provided for all risks.
When total amount of loan has been / is being waived.
The settlement of a debt or obligation in full.
It is an encryption at hardware level converting data into such form that can not be understood without the key to "undo". FDE can be installed while manufacturing or added afterwards through a special software driver.
It is a system composed of two connected parties or devices which can communicate with one another in both directions.
In full - duplex data transmission, system consists bidirectional line i. e. one can move the data in both directions (sender & receiver).
A data transmission line wherein the data can be transmitted in both directions on a signal carrier at the same time.
A mode which allows a miniport driver to add new requests to its queue even while it is in the process of completing others.
Full Duplex transmission indicates the transmission of data in two directions simultaneously.
If the endorser adds a direction to pay the amount mentioned in the instrument to, or to the order of a specified person, it is called full endorsement.
Soil which resembles clay and has a absorbing characteristic.
The amount that represents total value of exports.
The total financial resources.
Branch which is completely developed and established (Not an extension of some other branch).
Money changer who undertakes all type of related business in foreign exchange.
A full functional Dependency describes the relationship between attributes (columns) in a table.
The type of insurance that covers all types of risks in full.
A clause in the insurance policy in terms of which full legal right is accepted.
Rail line which is lying stretched out.
The first name, middle name, if any, and surname of a person.
A device for a text processing system in which a text is stored by way of a keyboard and displayed to the operator on a display device.
Shares or securities etc. in respect of which full value or all installment have been paid.
The amount that represent total amount required to be paid.
A clause in the insane policy that indicates that in the event of a claim arising on the basis of total loss the full premium less the premium already paid will become due and payable.
Employing all resources.
Editing the text with screen editor programmed with a line - command window as well as a line - mode interface.
A text editor intended to work with an add - on tool for the users enabling to create / load / save text files.
It is an application service provider (ASP) providing web - based IT services to the other companies
When the amount paid for share capital is equal to the value of nominal capital issued.
A full subtracter is a combinational circuit that performs subtraction involving three bits, namely minuend, subtrahend, and borrow - in.
A complete text database compilation of documents with a facility of online viewing, printing or downloading.
A file which contains an index when we seek a full - text search file of the Windows help system files.
Working whole day (time).
A person working on full time basis.
Which has been assured to receive a fixed sum after a certain period.
A provision that has been made either for the full or the part value.
When amount paid for the share is equal to the nominal value of the share.
Share for which full amount has been paid.
A share in respect of which called up amount has been paid in full.
A portion of an URL (Uniform Resource Locator) identifying the server programme to get an Internet request.
Which is full backed by specified securities or assets of the borrower.
A creditor (may be a bank or other financial institution) which has a legal or equitable charge on the assets of the debtor for full value of debt.
Which has been used in full.
affecting the body rapidly and with great severity, especially a disease
exposure to smoke or fumes for disinfection
A process of spraying gas or smoke inorder to disinfect.
Fees for treating something with smoke.
It is a family which comprises of species of moss.
The duty or occupation of a person.
specific physiologic activity done by an organ or part of body
specific action or work of an organ or a body part
Which is practical and useful.
It is the list of acronyms and abbreviations of Functional addresses provided by the Free Online Dictionary.
The area which is likely to be served.
An alternative notation for specifying the initial value for a variable when we declare it is called functional notation.
Functional dependencies are used to constrain the parameters of type classes.
It is a constraint between two sets of attributes in a relation from a database.
The act of diversifying activities in different areas.
The act of diversifying activities in different areas.
The work which has been assigned to perform a particular function.
Finance which is made available for some specific purpose.
The differences / deficiencies in the areas of function.
The differences / deficiencies in the areas of function.
A functional layer, which may have data stored therein, and a reactive material, which may be in the form of an adjacent reactive layer structured when activated to destroy the functional layer.
A testing of software or hardware conducted on a complete, integrated system to evaluate the system 's compliance with its specified requirements.
It is the degree to which analytical constructs are vindicated in use rather than in structure.
A person assigned some work to do.
A system of getting information through a function developed to avoid un - necessary communication and resources.
A term used in mathematics for an application of one function to the results of another.
It is commonly used as acquired platelet function defects which are non - hereditary diseases or associated conditions that cause the platelets (the blood cells essential for coagulation) to not function properly.
It is a paradigm used to simplify the design of hardware and software devices like computer software and increasingly, 3D models.
Functioned dependency analyse of existing systems, based on previously extracted functions, allows analysts to trace functions throughout a system.
It is a piece of electronic test equipment or software used to generate electrical waveforms.
The method or way of working.
A sequence of keys lebelled from "F1" to "F12" to perform a specific task saving users time.
In the field of programming it is the reference book of functions and languages.
It is a unit of measurement to express the amount of business functionality an information system provides to a user.
action to prevent damage or injury to body part
Reference of specific functions like Template Tags which are defined especially for use in WordPress Themes.
Providing access to short term money to users as principal business.
A function containing a portion of code within a larger program, which performs a specific task and is relatively independent of the remaining code.
It is a mechanism used in a programming language to support dynamic dispatch (or run - time method binding).
Money set aside for some specific purpose.
The state of inequality which is of important or essential nature.
The basic characteristics by which something / some person is known.
Practice of following religious laws strictly.
Who believes in fundamentalism.
Rules which forms the foundation of matter relating to leave.
Basic source on which something very important is based.
Such rights which have been guaranteed to a citizen by the constitution of the country.
Basic authoritative directions.
The act of dividing the fund into different segments according to requirement.
Insects that grow from egg on plants without fertilisation and this insect is harmfull for the plant growth.
Where ready cash is involved in lending or investment.
Fund created for helping others.
A fund created for redemption of capital.
A reserve fund created in certain ways to indirectly augment capital and not available for dividend distribution.
Categorisation of mutual funds classifying it in many types of funds like equity funds, fixed - income funds and money - market funds.
Where there is difficulty in mobilising fund.
Fund created for redemption of debentures.
Fund created for providing depreciation.
A fund specially created by transferring profits from years of high profit to be used to pay minimum dividend.
The financial assistance that involves disbursement of funds.
A stock floated by the government which has no maturity.
Such stocks floated by the government which have no maturity date.
Government stock which has no maturity date and will only be repaid when considered necessary by the Government.
Income which is not received when due but allowed to be accumulated as a fund.
Where the interest on term loan is funded when due.
Fund created towards meeting family pension needs.
This the information compiled in the form of a statement showing sources and application of funds.
A fund created as per rules for provident fund where regular contribution are required to be made.
Retention of portion of a profits for general purposes in time of need.
A fund built up to replace any defalcation of an employee.
The funds which are owned or possessed.
Refinancing of a debt before maturity.
Setting aside money for a future project.
A term generally used for converting short term loan into a long term debt.
A system of converting short term loans / credit facilities into medium or long term debt.
A fund created for insurance purposes.
A fund created to take care of fluctuations in the investment made.
The person (s) resposible for implementing a fund 's investing strategy and managing its portfolio trading activities.
The position relating to financial resources or working capital.
Provident fund which is approved by a competent authority.
Money set aside out of profits or other surpluses which is not earmarked for any liability or contingency.
Money set aside at the end of the year for investing outside the business to retire a debtor replace an asset.
Fund that represents small contribution by savings.
A fund created for Indian Civil (Administrative) service.
A fund created for staff of Navy.
A fund created for ordnance factory workers.
the bottom or base of a sac or hollow organ
the portion of a hollow organ opposite from its opening
a device used for examining interior of the eye, especially retina
upper dome - shaped portion of stomach that lies above the cardiac notch
Performing last rites of the dead person.
Religion ceremony for burning or burying a dead person.
growth like a fungus or spongy growth
Organism which are different from plants as they lack photosynthetic pigments.
The quality of being fungible.
Goods which are interchangeable with each other.
An instrument when it can be replaced by another of a similar description.
A type of fungi which do not have a reproductive cycle.
any of the large group of spore - producing eukaryotic organisms, which are deficient in chlorophyll and vascular tissue, such as molds or yeasts.
any organism of kingdom Fungi, which lack chlorophyll and vascular tissue and reproduce by means of spores, such as yeasts or molds
Organism belonging to fungi group and are multicellular or unicellular and does not have chlorophyll.
The cell wall or outer covering in fungi cells.
A thin thread like stalk found in the ovary to connect it to the wall.
a utensil with wide conical mouth and narrow stem
An electronic toy of five inch length having eyes, ears and a vocabulary of over 200 words covered with fur. It has a limited ability to react to its environment.
A bifurcated part at the end of abdominal section in arthropods.
Leave of absence.
Oil used for furnace.
To supply or provide something.
To equip a flat or room with item of furniture and other furnishings.
Taking responsibility for payment of debt in case of default by the prime debtor.
Moveable or embedded articles such as tables, chairs etc. for a house or office.
Accounts relating to movable and fixed items in the bulohing.
a groove, sulcus or narrow depression
In addition to what has already been initiated.
Step to be taken next.
a painful, pus - filled skin lesion caused by infection of hair follicle
a tender, warm, swollen area in the skin produced by infection of hair follicle
Items which are to be attended in time to come.
A contracts buy or sell a commodity delivery of which is to be given at a future date.
Such goods which are to be manufactured or acquired after the contract of sale.
A market or commodity exchange where future contracts are traded.
Future situation in relation to things.
Commodities that are traded for delivery at a future time.
A contract that gives the holder the right to buy or sell of a certain number of share at a specified price at a future date.
A market in which contracts for future delivery of certain commodities or securities are traded.
Firewall Builder is a vendor - neutral configuration and management application for firewalls. It supports the openBSD packet filter, Cisco PIX Series security devices, iptables and ipfilter Linux utilities.
This is a country code using for Gabon. Originally, a two - letter abbreviation is used for a particular country, which is also a top - level domain.
A Consulting Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University and a leader in the Lisp and OOP community, with years of contributions to standardization, whose name is Richard Gabriel.
A Picture retrieval language in a Database technicaly used in Pictorial Applications.
This term is using for automated test programs.
It means To reject input, often ungracefully which is equivalent to choke, but cannot more disgust.
Something deposited as security or pledge.
To make profit.
To make profit and to loose money.
Work through which livelihood can be earned.
An occupation which is profitable or generating income.
A worker whose work is remunerative.
particular pattern or manner of walking
A newer kind of Programmable Array Logic based on EEPROM storage cells which has been pioneered by Lattice.
an agent that increases secretion of milk
a substance that promotes lactation
a type of sugar that is less sweet than glucose
presence of galactose in urine
An extensible language in the vein of EL / 1 and RCC.
a mouth part used to sense the food
Abnormal growth of plant tissue
Reward for bravery.
a small, pear - shaped sac under the liver which serves for storage and concentration of bile
A section of space used for sitting of audiences or exhibiting photos etc.
A section of space used for sitting of audiences or exhibiting photos etc.
A room devoted to the exibition of works of art
A long narrow passage
A measure of the damage caused by the nematodes to the root system.
Three Beat gait of the horse
Inflation which is increasing at a very swift pace.
Prices which are increasing at a fast pace.
An abnormal heart sound, resembling a gallop on auscultation
A triple cadence to the heart sounds
An instrument
A device made up of copper coil
A core set of securities often traded.
A variant of Scheme R3. 99 supporting the future construct of Multilisp by Marc Feeley
An organised event for sports / athletics.
A term representing contingencies in a game. It narrates different moves, positions, instructions and modes of the game.
An organ which produces gamets or sexual cells
Any germ cell, whether ovum or spermatozoon.
One of two haploid cells that can undergo karyogamy.
The matured sexual cells
A medicine which kill gamete
Process of production of gamets
the haploid phase of the plant that produce gamets
A language for matrices and generation of mathematical programming reports.
The adjustments applied during the display of a digital representation of colour on a screen in order to compensate for the fact that the Cathode Ray Tubes used in computer monitors and televisions to produce a light intensity.
Study of biological aspects of species
subclass under the class dicotyledonae as per taxonomic classification
petals fused at base like a tube
leaves or leaf like structures with united edges
This is is the set of colours of a monitor which can display on the screen.
The use of large numbers of loosely coupled programmers in an attempt to wedge a great many features into a product in a short time.
Abnormal tumor like structure of fibrous tissue
cluster of nerve cell
parasympathetic ganglion located in the posterior orbit og the eye
Cutting of ganlion
Ganglion present in the lumber region
Those who play key role.
Necrosis of tissue
Decomposition of tissue
A character used in Groups Algorithms and Programming (GAP). GAP is a symbolic mathematics system for computational discrete algebra, especially group theory.
A parasite worm that causes infection to trachea
Finance produced to bridge the gap or the difference between the available sanction and actual needs.
Discarded material
The result of using an insertion sort to merge data into an unsorted list is called garbage collect.
During the execution of a program the process by which dynamically allocated storage is reclaimed is a garbage collector.
A fluid is hold in the mouth and bubbled with lung air
A bulbous plant used as spice in cooking.
This is a graphical object editor and Macintosh environment which helps to create graphical, interactive user interfaces.
An order of the court to a garnishee (a bank) to attach funds so that payment may be made to a third party.
A metasyntactic variable like foo, once popular among SAIL hackers. Foo is variable used in metasyntax.
A thin fluid like air in the tissue
Gas produced due to gangrene
This is a type of display containing super - energised neon gas, used mostly in flat monitor and television screens.
Gas plasma display is used in television or personal computers.
An operation, cutting of stomach
of the stomach
loss of secretion of stomach
Pain in the stomach
The fluid secreted by the stomach;
Stomach wash
Open sore of the stomach
Inflammation of stomach
Protrusion of stomach.
Inflammation of stomach and intestine
Study deals with gastrointestinal tract
An instrument for examine the stomach
inspection of stomach by gastroscope
An opening into stomach done by doctor
a three layered embyonic stage
development stage from cell to embyo in animals
A low - level digital logic component. Gate store bits of data, connect and disconnect various parts of the overall circuit to control the flow of data.
It is a program that supports multiple routing protocols and protocol families. Protocol is a set of formal rules describing how to transmit data, especially across a network.
A pass to enter.
It is a low - level digital logic component which perform Boolean functions, store bits of data and connect and disconnect various parts of the overall circuit to control the flow of data.
Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft, which he co - founded in 1975 with Paul Allen. In 1994 Gates is a billionaire, worth $9. 35b and Microsoft is worth about $27b.
An assembly or meeting of people.
Conversion width between two rail lines (say narrow to meter etc.).
One of the lagest US manufacturers of IBM compatible softwares which is founded by CEO Ted Waitt in September 1985, in Sioux City, Iowa.
A greatest German mathematician (1777 - 1855) who discovered the method of least squares and Gaussian elimination.
The frequency distribution of many natural phenomena such as the height or intelligence of people of a certain age and sex.
Cotton swab
A bleached cotton cloth of plain weave
It is a superset of standard awk and includes some Plan 9 features which is a version of a programming language G.
An official news paper of the government.
Which has been published in the gazette.
That department of audit which has been notified in the gazette.
Holiday which has been notified in the gazette.
Officer whose name has been notified in the gazette.
Gazetted post is a post of officer in government service whose signature is required for attesting certificate copies & photograps of a person.
Cadre of service which is notified in the gazette.
A formal notice published in the gazette.
An act of notifying through gazette.
The official journal of the government of India.
The amount of capital that has been arranged / collected by not declaring dividend etc.
Making arrangement for mobilising capital through deferring payment of dividend etc.
The proportional relationship in a accounting period between the shareholders funds and total of the long - term debts.
It is a German word which means "thought". A thought experiment is one you carry out in your head and especially it is typically used in a project related with artificial intelligence research.
This word means to make changes in a file, especially large - scale and irrevocable changes. The meaning of the word gefingerpoken is fingergrabbing.
A computer geek may be either a fundamentally clueless individual or a proto - hacker in larval stage who eats (computer) bugs for a living.
This term refers to enter temporarily in techno - nerd mode in a non - hackish context, for example at parties held near computer equipment. Especially used when you need to do or say something highly technical and don 't have time to explain:
secretion from female nemotodes in which the eggs were deposited
The tissue in the asexual reproductive parts called gemma cup
cup shaped asexual reproductive parts
the process of reproduction by budding
the lateral part of the head in insects
The number used to measure the change in the status of women in the society.
It is a cable connector shell with either two male or two female connectors on it, used to correct the mismatches that result when some loser didn 't understand the EIA - 232C specification and the distinction between DTE and DCE.
A functional unit of heredity
genetic material that determine the inherited trait
Former IBM engineer who founded Amdahl Corporation. Amdahl is a major supplier of large mainframes, UNIX and Open Systems software and servers.
transfer of genetic material from one population to another
transfer of genetic material from one population to another
paracite resistance character of plant and disease causing character of parasite are controlled by a pair of genes
proportion of different allels of a paticular gene in a population
proportion of different allels of a paticular gene in a population
sudden change in the genetic sequence in a gene
indicator of genetic biodiversity
Which is of an ordinary find - not specific.
Who is biggest in rank / position.
An officer holding high position.
Which is applicable to general public.
Applicable to every member of class
Involving whole
The ability that most people have.
A summary of financial results prepared in a general manner.
Which is acceptable to most people.
Accounts which a re general in nature.
A Programming Language One extension for programming graph algorithms is called GASP.
Administration concerning general matters.
Agent engaged in miscellaneous job.
An international agreement with the purpose of reducing tariffs and other controls etc. for smooth expansion of international trade.
An international agreement with the purpose of reducing tariffs and other controls etc. for smooth expansion of international trade.
It is restricted version of constraint logic programming, using S - unification but not restricted to a single domain.
Whole body loss of sensation
Application which refers to general matters.
Authority which is not specific but general in nature.
A terminology that refers to the situation where loss is caused by some sacrifice for safety of other articles / things.
A balance sheet which is in generalised form.
The right of the bank to retain the goods and securities of his debtor until the debt due is paid by him.
The right of the bank to retain the goods and securities of his debtor until the debt due is paid by him.
Apex decision making body of generally members of an organisation.
The budget which has been presented in usual manner.
Goods placed on a ship or plane for transportation.
Cash balance which is maintained usually.
Which has not been categorical as special.
Charges which are general nature.
An account head where charges which are not specifically categorised under a particular head are debited.
A circular meant for general information.
A general statement of opinion.
Conditions which are of usual type.
Conditions which usually form part of a contract.
A general summary that include figures of more than one establishment.
The measure taken by central bank of the country to exercise control over credit.
When two parallel transverse lines are drawn on the front of the cheque.
An area where prevalence of one currency is insisted for exchange.
When general people are willing to buy and able to buy.
A register in which complaints etc. are recorded.
Election in which all eligible people can vote to choose a government.
Election in which all eligible people can vote to choose a government.
An operating system developed by General Electric from 1962.
A second vresion of an operating system developed by General Electric which is originally called GECOS (General Electric Comprehensive Operating System).
A US company that manufactured computers from 1956 until 1970, when it sold its computer division to Honeywell and left the computer business.
This is a small windowing, microkernel (less than 64 k bytes long) operating system written in heavily bummed assembly language for MS - DOS computers.
An endorsement of a negotiable instrument when endorser puts his signature and does not specify the name of endorsee, which is also known as endorsement in blank.
Analysis of models of all economic accounts in the economy to present a comprehensive picture of economy.
Expenses which are of general nature.
A fund which is not meant for some specific purpose.
A general list of goods being imported.
Inspection which is of general nature.
Instruction which are applicable to all.
A type of insurance for risks other than life insurance.
This is an interpreted language for the English Electric {DEUCE}, with array operations and an extensive library of numerical methods.
Part of a commonly used computer, typically a separate circuit board, which allows the computer to use certain kinds of peripheral devices.
It is a common practice to view a function as a black box that magically produces outputs upon giving an input.
This is a group of instructions that perform a specific task. A large subroutine might be called a "module" or "procedure."
This term refers to any statement ascribing a property / thing to every member of a class.
This is the principal book of an organisation where all accounts other than creditors, debtors and cash book are kept.
Right to keep possession of something belonging to debtor until his debt has been paid.
The credit facility by a financial institution which is not for some specific purpose but of general nature.
In order to set up good standard of accounting practice a set of accounting standards have been suggested which are accepted by various bodies.
In order to follow sound auditing practices certain norms have been standarised which are accepted by various bodies.
A software company based in Mountain View, California which released Telescript - a communications - oriented programming language; Magic Cap - an OOPS designed for PDAs; and a new, third generation GUI.
A meeting of general members.
A firm of partners of general nature.
A pool created of general people.
An instrument authorising one person to act one behalf of another in general matters.
A habit which most of the people follow.
The overall position of prices of various commodities.
Such rules and principles which are applicable in most to the cases.
A course of action to be followed generally by most of the people.
A proposal which is not specific as to details.
It is an addressing error, caught by the processor 's memory protection hardware, that cannot be attributed to any expected condition such as a page fault.
A provident fund established under law and applicable to all.
Rules which govern the operation in general Provident Fund.
It is intended to guarantee the freedom to share and change free software - to make sure the software is free for all its users.
A pejorative name for some versions of the GNU project copyleft or General Public License (GPL), which requires that any tools or application programs, incorporating copylefted code must be source - distributed on the same terms as GNU code
The power / capacity of an individual to spend.
This term is used to those computers which follows their in - built programme instructions, thus virtually all computers from micro to mainframe are general purpose.
A peripheral control unit that can service more than one type of peripheral device.
An algorithmic Language with user - definable types and operators which is also a portable language for scientific computations.
This is an 8 - bit parallel bus commonly used on test equipment. In information technology data transferring device is called a bus.
It is a programming language used to solve a wide variety of problems.
An early text - processing language which implemented on the Atlas 2
It is an operating system which have an ability to run other programmes.
In computer science, a processor register is a small amount of storage available on the CPU whose contents can be accessed more quickly than storage available elsewhere.
Cantor 's theorem, originally stated for ordinals, which extends inductive proof to recursive construction. Cantor is a mathematician.
It is a Functional Programming System with Uncurryfied Combinators and its Reduction Machine.
A fund created by retention of profits for the purpose of expansion or strengthening of business.
A general reserve is a retention of a portion of the net profits for general purposes and not for any specific purpose.
Rule which is applicable to all in a like manner.
This an application level interface (API) provided to system security services.
A store where a variety of articles of daily use are kept for sale.
The status of availability of goods for purchase.
A division in a hospital (ward) where all patients are kept.
It is an experimental functional logic programming language in an algorithmic program. Curry is an experimental language based on the Haskell language.
It is a formal power series whose coefficients encode information about a sequence and that is indexed by the natural numbers.
To produce or act of generating.
To bring into existence something.
All people of about the same age.
This is an attempt to classify the degree of sophistication of programming languages.
This is the digital services of World. Com 's branding, which includes high - speed access to the Internet.
The process of accumulation of funds.
The process of creating resources.
the cell of a male gametophyte that gives sperm up on cell division
pollen grain up on first division give rise to generative nucleus
In most computers, the carry from the most significant bit of an arithmetic operation or bit shifted out from a shift operation which is placed in a special carry bit and it is used as a carry - in for multiple precision arithmetic operation.
It is a term used to describe a set or series of products made for Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) distribution
It is an expert system shell for Symbolics {Lisp machine}, with frames, forward chaining, backward chaining and fuzzy logic.
This is a function that uses in parametric polymorphism. In certain systems this term is used for object - oriented programming also.
This is process of constituting the name of an element by a string in a SGML (Standard for Generic Markup Language) document.
It is a language used for representing documents in a system.
A name which belongs to a whole class or group.
The purpose of procedure is to provide a mechanism for accessing the private data stored in an object or a class.
It is a programming technique which aims to make programs more adaptable by making them more general.
Right is a legally recognized entitlement to do something for a person or with content. The term is related with Original Equipment Manufacturer distribution.
A protocol which allows an arbitrary network protocol A to be transmitted over any other arbitrary network protocol B, by encapsulating the packets of A with GRE packets.
A software mechanism that allows a 16 - bit Windows application to load and call a Win32 DLL under Windows NT and Windows 95.
This is a multi - platform tool kit for creating graphical user interfaces consists of the three parts, G Lib, providing basic data structures, Pango for layout and rendering of text and ATK, providing interfaces for accessibility.
Different occurrences of a generic type variable in a type expression may be instantiated to different types.
This is an extensible window manager for the X Window System
An expert system developed by Electricite de France and commercialised by STA computer program that contains a knowledge base and a set of algorithms.
An origin
production
Related to gene
Hereditary
This is an evolutionary algorithm which generates each individual from some encoded form known as a "chromosome" or "genome.
encoded genetic information in a sequence as DNA, mRNA
the way generic sequence control the individual characters
modifying or manipulating once gene to get desired genetic characters
Expert in the genetics
sequence and positioning of genes on the chromosome
piece of genetic material in chromosome with specific identifiable characters
It is a programming technique which extends the genetic algorithm to the domain of whole computer programs. In GP, populations of programs are genetically bred to solve problems.
Related to genetic study
Science deal with genes, inheritance and variations in living organisms
One of the leading on - line networking services started on 1st October 1985, providing subscribers with hundreds of special interest areas, computer hardware and software support, award - winning multi - player games, the most software files in the industry et
Related to sexual organ
female repoductive part of insect at abdomen segment
Reproductive organs
External sexual organs
Reproductive organs in male and femel forms of life.
tube like structure near genetal opening
paired bundle of nerve fibers innervating the genital organ
bulged or thickend embryo wall
abdominal segment in insects which encloses genetal organs
Related to genital and urinary organs
An exceptional mental ability or creative power.
A special or peculiar quality.
A distinctive character of a language.
This is a structured assembly language for the IBM 360 and IBM 370, with a few high - level constructs.
Collection of genes in a nuclei of a cell
Collection of genes in a nuclei of a cell
group of organisms having similar genetic constitution
group of organisms having similar genetic constitution
differences in genetic makeup between the individuals
This is a Virtual machine which is often used in the implementation of portable executors for high - level languages.
It is used to invent a new name for something temporary, that is also in such a way that the name is almost certainly not in conflict with one already in use.
A company that supplies software and services for intelligent operations management.
This is a set of C libraries and programming tools used to interface G2 to external systems.
A coroutine package in Fortran which is the first and, for a long time, the most widely used programming language for numerical and scientific applications.
Means the knee, is a joint between thigh and leg
Any structure of angular shape resembling a bend knee.
Which is real and authentic.
Which is real and pretended to be.
Something really authentic.
A coin which is real and authentic.
Signature which has actually been made by the right person.
A statement made that you really feel.
Text which is authentic.
Trade bills which are based on real trade transactions.
A class or a group of having common characteristic
Related to heredity
category of classification above the species and below the family level
category of classification above the species and below the family level
name of a genus in poaceae family
An abnormal condition, having lateral bend in the leg
A person who is knowledgeable in chemistry of earth.
Related to the earth environment
natural spread of species across the region
physical separation of species from a population
natural spread of species across the region
Which increases like number multification in geometric progression.
The progression with a constant ratio between each number and the one before line (1, 3, 5, 9, 11).
species prefer to live in or on the ground
This is a Semi - Translation Programming Scheme for the DEUCE, which has been described in "Programming and Operations Manual", by C. L. Hamblin, U New S Wales (1958). "Computer Languages", by C. L. Hamblin, Aust J Sci (Dec 1957).
It is an operating system provided for low - level software which handles the interface to peripheral hardware, schedules tasks, allocates storage, and presents a default interface to the user when application program is not running.
An English mathematician best known for his contribution to symbolic logic (Boolean Algebra) but also active in other fields such as probability theory, algebra, analysis, and differential equations.
A German physicist who became Professor of Physics at Munich University, after whom the unit of electrical resistance was named.
characteristic of a plant to grow towards gravity
growth of plant towards gravity
growth of a plant in response to gravity
A noted hacker at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and one of the developers of SCHEME and 6. 001
A physician, specialist in the care of elderly people
Related to geriatric treatment
A micro organism which causes disease
The first redument of a developing organ
cells of insect ovary that develops in to ova
enlarged blastoderm cell in the insect egg
Sex cells such as sperm and egg
A substance pertaing to killing germs
A substance which kill the germs
Related to a germ cell or, to germination.
zone ofproliferating and multipotential neuron precursors
process of growing of plant from seed
sex gland in insects
collection of plant and animal biodiversity
studying the aspects of aging process
Means the pregnancy
When the gestation period is larger than the anticipation.
The time it takes to develop a plan before it takes shape and made know (ripen time of a crop).
This is the most common type request of HTTP (HyperTensionTextprotocol). A request is a representation of the specified resource.
This is a standard way of suggesting that someone has succumbed to terminal geekdom. Often it is used on Usernet, especially as a way of suggesting that the target is taking some obscure issue of theology too seriously.
This is a typical hacker response to this news that somebody is having trouble getting work done on a toy system or bitty box. As of mid - 1993 it meant multi - tasking, with a hard disk, and an address space bigger than 16 megabytes.
It is a command which can be created using debug in MS DOS to set the error level according to which key is pressed.
Means the dead body
An larger individual or structure
A cell of large size, often with many nuclei.
mass of several cell
paracitic nematode causing intestinal infection
round worm causing kidney infection
A protuberance
He is the famous author of cyberpunk novels such as Neuromancer (1984), Count Zero (1986), Mona Lisa Overdrive, and Virtual Light (1993). "Information - space" loaded with visual cues and navigable with brain - computer interfaces is called cyberpunk.
Whirling in the head or dizziness
The sub - standard goods.
Some thing you to someone as present or receive as present.
An instrument issued by a bank with a particular amount of money which can be encashed at bank.
Tax levied on gift.
A document received as a gift which entitles to receive something as free.
, A transmission technology based on the Ethernet frame format and protocol used in local area networks (LANs) is called Gigabit Ethernet which provides a data rate of 1 gigabit.
It is also called Gillions of Instructions per Second and this was used of only a handful of highly parallel machines and one sequential processor built with Josephson devices in 1991.
Excessive development of body or body part.
A Gigapop (gigabit point - of - presence), is an access point to Internet2, the network collaboration between universities and partners in industry and government to develop advanced Internet technologies and applications.
respiratory organ of aquatic animals
This is the unit of analogical bogosity. According to its originator, the standard for one gilley was "the act of bogotoficiously comparing the shutting down of 1000 machines for a day with the killing of one person".
It is a numerical figure same as an American billion or a British "milliard".
respirarion through gills as in aquatic animals
Bonds which have high degree of safety and reliability.
Market where gilt - edged securities are traded.
The term generally denotes government securities which are regarded safest for investment.
Securities having a high degree of reliability as investment (eg. Government bonds etc.).
GIMP (GNU Image Manipulation Program) is an open source application for creating and manipulating graphic images which runs on Linux, other Unix - based operating systems.
This is a special - purpose macro assembler used to build the GEORGE 3 operating system for ICL1900 series computers.
sesame oil or teel oil
An aromatic root of plant
Related to gums
The unit which is engaged in removing seeds from cotton fibres.
The waist region of the body
A structure that resembles a circular band
thick band like or encircling ring
This is a system adopted for transfer of credits between banks.
A measure around a body
The essence of a matter.
Such items which are distributed free as part of advertisement.
To part with or to loose.
plant or animal body surface with out hairs
This is a pattern transformation language for text - to - text translation.
A secretary organ
organ that synthesizes and releases hormones
The bulbous end of the penis
The gland which secrets the saliva
hair like out growth of plant epidermal cells
The bulbous end
A painful bright light
Which is very obvious / expressed clearly.
Inequality which can be clearly observed.
A mistake which can be easily identified.
This term is used to figure out something from context.
It is a compiler written in Haskell language by the AQUA project at Glasgow University. Haskell is a purely functional language derived from Miranda but with several extentions.
It is a software testing approach which examine the program structure and derive test data from the program logic.
A spect glasses
A mirror glassess
Glassfet is vacuum tubes, consisting of electrodes enclosed in glass envelopes from which most of the air has been pumped out, which used in computers, have been replaced by transistors.
Shiny transparent substance and wares made from it.
A strip made up of glass
This is a terminal that has a display screen but which behaves like a teletype or some other printing terminal because of hardware or software limitations.
A disease of the eye, due to increased pressure in the eyeball
Atrophy of the optic nerve; produces defects in the field of vision.
bluish green waxy coating on plant parts
cells that keeps the neurons together
This is the run - time library for the GNU C compiler, gcc, and others.
It is an interpretive language for building loosely - coupled distributed systems from modular, event - oriented programs
This is a coordinated set of high - level syntaxes for Common LISP (Lots of Irritating Superfluous Parentheses).
This term is used to expand wild card characters in a path name. A wild card is special character or character sequence which matches any character in a string comparison.
Global is a synonym of worldwide that means relating or involving to the entire world, in the general sense or as the planet Earth
It is used as the global radio - communications network during times of international crisis or threats to international security.
Bonds which are floated for worldwide contribution.
The medium of a programmer in which a computer program is written.
A data structure used by Intel x86 - family processors starting with the 80286 in order to define the characteristics of the various memory areas used during program execution.
Such economic matters which concern the whole world.
The wealth and resources of world community as a whole.
The market where transactions relating to equity of different countries take place.
Estimates which cover the whole world.
This is a group of companies mainly known for their digital printing products, including the Harlequin and Jaws RIPs.
An organization for cooperating Green parties.
An open systems architecture that provides global connectivity instantaneously on warrior demand.
The developmental status of world countries which is disproportionate.
The filename extension of a Windows 95 is "global index" file which created for WinHelp files (hlp), as well as for storing user preferences, such as window position.
A developing communications framework intended to eventually connect all telecommunications and world - wide. computer networks is called global information infrastructure (GII)
The process where all countries of the world are made free to participate.
When countries of the whole world can participate in the financial market.
The area of operation of banks when extended to other countries of the world.
This is a visual effect of visible radiation and a function of the spectral distribution of the source radiation in accordance with the spectral luminous efficiency curve. 
In computer science, it is a synchronization mechanism for enforcing limits on access to a resource in an environment where there are many threads of execution.
A satellite system that is used to pinpoint the geographic location of a user 's receiver anywhere in the world.
This is an international network for people interested in sustainable design.
It is a collection of free services provided by O 'Reilly & Associates.
Where resources in the world countries are not fully used and are in excess of demand.
This is a data transmission technique that does not set up a continuous channel from a portable terminal for the transmission and reception of data, but transmits and receives data in packets.
A standardization initiative of the Uniform Code Council and the European Article Numbering Association for asset tracking and logistics based on radio frequency identification is GTAG (Global Tag).
Tenders (quotations) invited world wide.
A term which is used by Microsoft for a number by which its programming generates to create a unique identity for an entity (eg. a Word document)
This term is used for someone doing "real work" with the computer, using it as a means rather than an end or somebody who pays to use a computer.
In computer programming, a variable is accessible in every scope.
a type of proteins
A term which was invented in order to emphasize that the globalization of a product is more likely to succeed when the product or service is marketed in a locality or culture.
Related to glomerulus
Produced by glomerulus
botanical name of a flower plant
An alphabetical list of terms relating to some specific subject.
It is a term used by Microsoft Word and adopted by other word processors for the list of shorthand, keyboard, macros, mathematical or logical operation created by a particular user.
Inflammation of tongue
The vocal apparatus of the larynx
swollen base of buccal tube in nematodes
It is a POP - 11 variant with lexical scope language. In a lexical scope language, the scope of an identifier is fixed at compile time to some region in the source code containing the identifier 's declaration.
is a monosacharide carbohydrate
It is a generic term for any interface logic or protocol that connects two component blocks
It is a scripting language, used to write glue to integrate tools and other programs to solve some problem.
modified leaf at base of the inflorescence
Excessive supply of something.
Related to the gluteus muscle
type of protein producd by bacteria
stored form of glucose energy in animals
a path way where acetate is incorporated as glucose precursor
This is a graphic symbol in information technology, that provides the appearance or form for a character.
This is an ALGOL - like language with parallel extensions which has parallel constants and index sets.
A Web - based e - mail service that currently being used at Google which provides users with a gigabyte of storage for messages and provides the ability to search for specific messages.
A thinking game with an oriental origin estimated to be around 4000 years old. Nowadays, the game is played by millions of people in China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan.
The ultimate destination or aim.
A system end - user in biometric verification who is refused to access the system because their biometric data pattern is outside the range recognized by the system.
This is a data link layer protocol. A data link layer is layer two, the second lowest layer in the OSI (Open Systems Interconnection) seven layer model which splits data into frames for sending on the physical layer and receives acknowledgement frames.
When somebody is unable to pay his debts.
A cyberspeak for "Go Big or Stay Home," which means if you don 't commit enough resources to your enterprise, you' ll probably fail in your objectives and the term is sometimes used to refer to new Web sites.
Where goods are stored.
It is an adage formulated by Mike Godwin in 1990. The law states that as an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
This is a maximum size network packet that in theory is a broadcast to every machine in the universe.
It is declarative, general - purpose language for artificial intelligence based on logic programming.
A definitional constraint language for declarative parallel programming which systematically integrates equational constraints and functions within a uniform framework of concurrent programming.
This term refers to crash, terminate, fail, especially irreversibly, go completely quiescent, or machines undergoing controlled shutdown.
It ia an early interpreted algebraic language for the Bendix G15 by Richard V. Andree of the University of Oklahoma. ALPS is said to have preceded and influenced development of BASIC.
Such share which are showing a continuous growth trend.
The point in the life of a software product where it is declared ready to release for sale
When the business of a firm is doing well.
It is a relatively new and apparently convenient way to indicate a progression in time from the present.
The current market price of something.
The price of something which can be quoted.
A chronic enlargement of the thyroid gland
A chronic enlargement of the thyroid gland
A package that offers good opportunities in some area.
Investing in such securities which are fundamentally sound.
In earlier days (upto 1931) paper money was backed by a reserve of gold and settlement of international debt was made by transfer of gold.
It is the final, ready - to - manufacture version of the software in software development system.
In earlier days coins made of gold were issued as currency / means of exchange.
The return which is received for investment etc. is as good as gold.
When one enjoys good creditworthiness which is as good as gold.
The system of backing the note issue of a country against the reserves held in gold.
The outstanding amount of loan which is considered good.
Which can detect gold or articles made of gold.
A payment of compensation given in early retirement from service.
Fiftieth anniversary of some event.
scientific name of a nematode globodera rostochiensis
The compensation given as severance pay to a top executive.
When a country has no gold reserve but keeps its reserves in currency of another country.
A flat piece of gold (decorated) given to someone for special achievement (securing first place in competition).
When value of one commodity / currency is equal to the gold.
When currency having the same value or pegged to the value of gold.
Reserves of gold which are held by a country for settling international debts.
The backing of the note issue of a country on the basis of reserves hold in gold.
A portion or the gold.
The IBM 2741, a slow but letter - quality printing device and terminal based on the IBM 's electric typewriter.
membranous particles in the cell cytoplasm of eucaryots
comprising sets of golgi bodies and vesicles
Relating to the colon or Spasmodic pains in the abdomen
An organ that produces sex cells; a testis or an ovary.
reproductive organ in animal which produces gametes
appendage that aid in copulation in insects
asexual reproductive cell in algae
A device for examination of the angle of eye
Cutting the angle of anterior chamber of the eye
examination of the angle formed between iris and cornea in the anterior part of the eye with a device known as gonioscope
It is a pretentious piece of equipment that actually serves no useful purpose.
carries gamets and fertilised eggs in insects
Genetal opening through which germ cells are released.
Genetal opening through which germ cells are released.
a sexually transmitted disease caused by a bacteria gonococcus, which involves inflammation of the genital and urinary tract
a venereal disease caused by gonococcus which has symptoms such as acute purulent discharge and painful urination.
Plants that produces seeds.
Having desired qualities - satisfactory.
Behaviour which is normally right.
Person with good moral strength.
Good behaviour that people appreciate.
Honest and sincere intention.
Deals made with full sincerity.
Such share which are fundamentally strong and which are being purchased by people.
Such lending or financing which help generating income.
Such lending or financing which help generating income.
The amount of money which one receives for work or services which is considered quite high.
The amount of money which one receives for work or services which is considered quite high.
According to Gresham 's Law currency / coins that are not debased will be retained while mutilated currency will be circulated.
Influencing through one 's position.
Good justification for something.
Articles of trade.
An account maintained for goods.
Shares which can be profitable, can appreciate and give good returns.
Goods which have been unloaded from a ship.
Goods which have been unloaded from a ship.
Things given as guarantee or pledge which can be converted into cash easily.
A security which is easily realisable.
Goods of perishable nature.
Signature which are duly authorised and authentic.
Goods which have been kept under the care of customs officer in godown till duty is paid on them.
Goods which have not reached destination.
Account maintained for goods in transit.
Book where details of goods received are recorded.
Goods which have been produced / manufactured made in India.
Goods which are subject to approval.
Delivering / sending goods to a person 's possession on trust.
Goods which are given on sale or on return.
Bank where details of goods sent are recorded.
Account relating to goods sent for sale.
A shelter where goods are stored.
List indicating amount to be paid for transportation of goods.
Train which carries goods.
It means something that can 't possibly have any ill side - effects and may save considerable grief later:. Removing the self - modifying code from a shared library would be a Good Thing.
The legal right to ownership which is free from any defect.
The legal right to ownership which is free from any defect.
Market reputation of a business concern earned by it clean and good dealings.
A friendly feeling and readiness to help.
An account relating to goodwill.
The reputation earned by the company.
The profits which arise only on the sale of business.
Capital Cities Communications ("CapCities") was an American media company best known for its surprise purchase of the much larger American Broadcasting Company in 1985. That famous purchase is known as goodwill purchased.
Expressing desire for someone 's good or welfare.
A program in which enterprises can display Google advertisements on Web sites and earn revenue from hits that generate traffic for the Google search engines
It is an automated Web search service that can help people and businesses through the Internet for developments and activities which are related with them.
This an online database and free Web publishing service introduced by Google that allows users to upload their own content.
It is an attempt to bias a search result on Google by increasing PageRank of a Web page. PageRank is a numeric value that represents how a page is important on the Web.
An enhanced version of a social search engine which combines traditional algorithm - driven technology with online community filtering to produce highly personalized results.
It is a free Web - based application in which documents and spreadsheets can be created, edited and stored online.
This is also a search engine like Google, to locate a security vulnerability on the Internet.
This is a Web - based application provides the users to create, update and modify spreadsheets and share the data live online.
The challenging pursuit of searching Google search engine with a two - word or more search argument that will produce exactly one result.
By using the popular search engine Google. com to look up someone 's name to find out more details about them.
This is 100th power of a digit 10 (1 followed by 100 zeros) which is larger than the number of elementary particles in the universe, which amount to only 10 to the 80th power.
The term was invented by a mathematician devised for 10 to the power of googol which is, 1 followed by 10 to the power of 100 zeros.
skin characterized by bumps produced by reflex erection of hairs in response to cold or fear
It is a program which runs on your local computer and provides a user interface to the Gopher protocol and to gopher servers.
It is a distributed document search and retrieval network protocol designed forNeXT Computers.
It is a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network with gopher.
It is a term used to describe the aggregate of all the information on the thousands of Gopher servers in the world.
Paracitic animals of Nematomorpha phylum.
This term is used for an unknown noun, fill in your own meaning. Found especially on the Usenet newsgroup alt. gorets, which seems to be a running context to redefine the word by implication in the funniest and most peculiar way.
It is the side - effect that destroyed touch - screens as a mainstream input technology despite a promising start in the early 1980s.
The term is used to enter root mode temporarily in order to perform a privileged operation. A root mode is a special access mode of a program or system, usually password protected, that permits some users godlike privileges.
It is a variable used in metasyntax, like foo, bar, baz, quux.
This is a Linux distribution system designed for use with Web - based applications rather than software that must be purchased and installed.
A famous software engineer who wrote GOSMACS, and served as Sun Microsystems, Inc. project leader for both NeWS, and Java.
This term is used for a hack, invention, or saying due to arch - hacker R. William (Bill) Gosper.
Botanical name of cotton plant.
A poliphenolic aldehyde found in cotton seed.
A misfeature of a system, especially a programming language or environment eventually causes lossage.
A mathematician who put mathematics on a new and more solid foundation and purged mathematics of mistaken, sloppy reasoning and the influence of Pythagoras.
a metabolic disease marked by acute painful inflammation of joints, caused by elevated levels of uric acid in blood that crystallizes and deposits in joints
To control, guide and rule.
The act of governing.
This is a combined area of focus within an organization that developed because of interdependencies between the three components. ie. governance, risk and compliance
Economy where there is lot of government intervention.
A group of individuals which is responsible for governing the organisation.
The body which governs on organisation.
The group of people who govern the country.
Accounts which are maintained by government.
Accounts relating to transactions of Government.
Matters relating to Government.
An organisation created by government for some specific function.
Work relating to Government.
Formal currency - the fiat currency backed by govt. securities.
commercial venture which are owned and managed by the government
Property on which government enjoys ownership rights.
The amount spent by the government on various heads of expenditure as approved in the budget.
The amount spent by the government on various heads of expenditure as approved in the budget.
Funds belonging to Government.
Taking of responsibility for the performance of an obligation or payment of a debt by the government in case of default or happening of an event.
Official residence of governor (in a state in India).
Official residence of the President of India.
A loan floated by the government.
A system or organisation created for smooth running of the multifarious functions of Government.
A brief record of facts issued by the government.
A product that is typically developed by the technical staff of the government agency for which it is created.
The Union Government of India (Central Govt.).
A commercial organisation owned by the Government of India.
A business enterprise sun by the Government of India.
A subset of OSI (Open Systems Interconnection) standards specific to US Government procurements, designed to maximize interoperability in areas where plain OSI standards are ambiguous or allow excessive options.
A debt security backed or guaranteed by the government.
A printing press established and managed by Government.
Instrument of long term borrowing by the Govt. (e. g. G. P. Notes).
A debt instrument issued by the government.
Provident fund managed by the Government.
Rules or law formulated by government for control.
Rules or law formulated by government for control.
Securities issued by government for obtaining loan (different type of instruments).
These are long term debt securities of varying maturities issued by central / state governments.
Service where government is the direct employer.
Which are supported / promoted by the government.
A spyware installed on a computer or network by a law enforcement agency for the purpose of capturing information relevant to a criminal investigation.
When two or more parties stop communicating digitally and resuming the conversation via voice communication over the telephone prototypically this word is used.
An act of kindness or favour.
It is the ability of a computer, machine, electronic system or network to maintain limited functionality even when a large portion of the system has been destroyed or rendered inoperative.
This is a simple programming idiom wherein a program detects a serious error condition and as a result "exits gracefully" in a controlled manner.
In education, this is a tool used by a teacher to help students understand an abstract concept. The teaching tool got its name from the foot - long lengths of telephone wire that Admiral Grace Hopper used to give out at lectures.
She was a pioneer of computer science. Hopper is generally credited with developments that led to COBOLwhich is the programming language for business applications.
More time allowed to perform something.
A genus of nematode.
Classifying according to cadre of post / rank.
Act of arranging in different categories according to some criteria.
A list prepared in order of posts / ranks.
When sales are arranged according grade in lots of different variety.
Amount or rate of tax designed to suit different levels of tax payers.
Pay which is according to different grades.
Pay applicable to persons belonging to a particular cadre.
Which is according to grade.
To arrange in grades.
Measure adopted for grading.
Tax arranged in different categories.
Taking place slowly.
Person who has been awarded on academic degree (graduate).
arranged or divided in successive steps or levels
A way of levying tax which is according to category in gradual progression.
Trainees divided into different categories.
Wages which are according to gradual progression.
Tax divided into different levels / grades according to gradual progression.
Rates of tax which are different for for different category which are in gradual progression.
It is the trade name of a specialized set of characters that the Palm recognizes. The program that allows input using this set of characters is also called Graffiti.
Obtaining advantage by dishonest use of influence.
a living tissue used for surgical implantation
a surgical procedure which includes transplantation of a piece or whole of bone in place of a removed bone or bone defect
a surgical procedure in which damaged cornea is replaced by a healthy corneal tissue
Stored grain pest of food grains, vegetables, flour.
Stored pest of whole cereal grains.
Products used to protect the grain from pests.
This term refers to the diameter of individual grains of sediment, or the lithified particles in clastic rocks.
International System of unit for mass.
An extension of BNF (Backus - Naur Form.) used by the SIS (Semantics Implementation System) compiler generator.
A program written inABC (Atanasoff - Berry Computer.) for answering such questions as "what are the start symbols of all rules", "what symbols can follow this symbol", "which rules are left recursive", and so on
A program, or part of a program, that attempts to verify written text for the correctness of the grammar.
This is the process to Deducing a grammar from given examples. grammar is a formal definition of the syntactic structure of a language.
A stake of thylakoid in chloroplast.
A Telecommunication systems that include PBX and key telephone systems, directly connected to the public switched telephone network.
It refers to the most common rotation scheme for rotating backup media. Originally designed for tape back up, it works well for any hierarchical backup strategy. The basic method is to define three sets of backups, such as daily (son), weekly (father) and m
A method for storing previous generations of master file data that are continuously updated. The son is the current file, the father is a copy of the file from the previous cycle, and the grandfather is a copy of the file from the cycle before that one.
Final total one gets by adding up several numbers.
Distance from annus to edge of vulval basin, divided by vulval basin diameter.
Amount of money given to someone as help.
Which has been sanctioned / permitted.
One who gets a grant.
One who gets a grant.
One who gives the grant.
Grant by Central Government to state local Government.
Grant by Central Government to State / Local government.
School which is getting grant from government.
Granting right of use an asset on payment of rent.
The act of granting / issuing license.
The time span during which a borrower is permitted not to make payment of the loan availed of by him.
Advances made by the central bank of the country to the government to pay for services etc.
The amount of grant which has been made available in advance.
The person or authority who is granting.
Granular form of insecticide.
The relative size, scale, level of detail, or depth of penetration that characterizes an object or activity is called granularity.
Granular form of pesticide.
formation of small, rounded projections of tissue in the wound in process of healing
a small granular mass of chronically inflammed tissue which is associated with infectious diseases
A Modula - like system description language is called Grapes. Modula is a high - level programming language designed by Niklaus Wirth in 1978.
Circulation of unauthenticated information.
A diagram showing some trend.
a line or picture denoting the measurements of something in relation to other thing
pictorial represention of relationship between two variables
It is a constraint - satisfaction problem often used as a test case in research. In a given connected graph and a fixed number of colours, the problem is to assign a colour to each node, subject to the constraint that any two connected nodes cannot be assig
A nanoscale device based on graphene, a component of graphite with electronic properties far superior to those of siliconis called graphene transistor.
A software program bundled with Mac OS X v10. 4 which is able to create 2D and 3D graphs from simple and complex equations.
Graphical data types used in fortran is graf. Fortran is the first and, for a long time, the most widely used programming language for numerical and scientific applications.
Moving diagrams or cartoons that are made up of a sequence of images displayed one after the other. Animations are created for entertainment, ad banners as well as instructional sequences.
It is a form of visual art consisting of images which are commonly combined with text, often in the form of speech balloons or image captions. Speech balloons are a graphic convention used in comic books, strips, and cartoons.
This term typically refers to a class of handheld calculators that are capable of plotting graphs, solving simultaneous equations, and performing numerous other tasks with variables.
This is a generation of shaded perspective pictures in real time. An algol is ALGOrithmic Language that introduced in 1960 which is a portable language for scientific computations.
The three - dimensional version of GKS, a standard for graphics.
A basic two - dimensional graphics system with uniform input and output primitives; a uniform interface to and from a GKS metafile for storing and transferring graphics information.
It is a graph that represents independences among random variables in probability theory, statistics, and machine learning.
It is a computer output device that produces visual material. An output device is any piece of computer hardware equipment used to communicate the results of data processing to the outside world.
It is an authentication system that works by having the user select from images, in a specific order, presented in a graphical user interface (GUI)
An arbitrary string of characters in chosen by a user or system administrator and used to authenticate the user when he attempts to log on, in order to prevent unauthorised access to his account which is related with graphical operations.
Graphical system design is a modern approach to designing, prototyping, and deploying embedded systems that combines open graphical programming with COTS hardware to dramatically simplify development.
It is a visual language for specifying interactive graphical output created by T. C. N. Graham & J. R. Cordy, Queen 's University, Canada
This is a subclass of application software used for graphic design, multimedia development, specialized image development, general image editing or simply to access graphic files.
It is an audio book imprint of The Cutting Corporation Inc. based in Bethesda, Maryland, in the United States.
A set of special symbols strung together like letters of the alphabet to create elementary graphics and forms.
This is the plug - in card in a desktop computer that creates the electronic signals required by the monitor and it determines the maximum resolution, refresh rate and number of colors that can be displayed, which the monitor must also be able to support.
The process of Changing an image from one graphics format into another. The new image may not be an identical copy of the original because target format may have limitations and the programming is tedious.
It is the process of communicating visually using typography and images to present information. Graphic design practice embraces a range of cognitive skills, aesthetics and crafts, including typography, visual arts and page layout.
It is a circuit board fitted to a computer, especially anIBM PC, containing the necessaryvideo memoryand other electronics to provide abitmap display.
A Software to control a hardware component or peripheral device of a computer such as a magnetic disk, magnetic tape or printer.
A small element used in a graphical user interface such as a button or scroll bar.
A high - fidelity audio control which allows the user to see graphically and control individually a number of different frequency bands in a stereophonic system.
This is a publication for professionals in graphic communications and graphic arts, with an editorial focus on creative imaging, graphic design and prepress.
It is a visual art usually used for commercial purposes, but includes techniques not considered for fine art or artistic at all depending on the usage.
This term refers all activities involved in completing any project on a computer from start to finish. A job may involve several processes and several programs.
Pieces of pixels put together to make people or objects are called graphic kits.
This is a free graphics library for Borland Delphi and Kylix which is designed for fast 32 - bit graphics handling.
A computer program that allows users to paint and edit pictures interactively on the computer screen and save them in one of many popular bitmap or raster formats such as JPEG, PNG, GIF and TIFF.
It is an integrated circuit card in a computer that provides digital - to - analog conversion, video RAM, and a video controller so that data can be sent to the display of the computer.
A program related with changing of graphic formats. The target file format may not support the attributes of the original due to some limitations in the target format. The graphics filters that perform the conversion from one format to another require te
This is a graphics hardware that performs various 2D and 3D geometry and rendering functions.
A symbol used to point to some element on screen. On Windows, Mac and other graphics - based screens, it is also called a "pointer," and it changes shape as it is moved with the mouse into different areas of the application.
The physical layout of data is called a Graphics Data Structure
A surface area upon which text and graphics are temporarily made to appear for human viewing.
This is a standardized method of organizing and storing image data. This article deals with digital image formats used to store photographic and other image information.
It is a standard for digitised images compressed with the LZW {algorithm}, defined in 1987 by CompuServe (CIS).
A graphics package from Silicon Graphics. Silicon Graphics Inc. (SGI) is a manufacturer of workstations and software for graphics and image processing.
It is a fork of ImageMagick, emphasising stability of both programming API and command - line options.
A subscription - based webcomic anthology site, officially specializing in action - adventure comics.
This is a screen display mode to display graphics.
An application program developed in graphics for sale to the general public.
This term is most commonly refer to the current state of the art method of rasterization based rendering as supported by commodity graphics hardware in 3D computer graphics.
This is a method to create an image by drawing a series of lines.
It is a sub - field of computer science and is concerned with digitally synthesizing and manipulating visual content.
A specialized logic chip devoted to rendering 2D or 3D images. Display adapters contain one or more Graphics Processing Units for fast graphics rendering.
On the Apple II - family of computers it is a low - level graphics mode that is accessible through Applesoft BASIC as well as compiled programs.
In computer graphics it is a program or collection of programs that enable a person to manipulate visual images on a computer.
An application program developed in computer graphics for sale to the general public.
This is a software suite for distributed graphics work together in which the programs are usually able to interact with each other on a higher level than the operating system would normally allow.
It is a tool used to convert hand - drawn images into a format suitable for computer processing which is also known as digitizer tablet or digitizer.
The depiction of particularly vivid and realistic acts of violence in visual media such as film, television, and video games.
It is a process of conceptualization, planning, modeling, and execution of electronic media content delivery via Internet in the form of Markup language suitable for interpretation by Web browser and display as Graphical user interface (GUI).
Aworkstationspecifically configured for graphics works such as image manipulation, bitmap graphics ("paint"), andvector graphics ("draw") type applications.
A language for handling directed graphs which are graphs with one - way edges.
A name associated with books and magazines on communication design, advertising, photography, annual reports, posters, logos, packaging, book design, brochures, corporate identity, letterhead, interactive design and other design associated with graphic ar
This is a graph manipulation language for use as a database query language. In DQL users of a database can formulate requests and generate reports.
A device that uses one or more pens that is used to draw graphs over the printing media. The heart of the plotter is the printer head assembly, consisting of a horizontal bar and a holding the pen in use is attached to it.
A graphics printer that draws images with ink pens which actually draws point - to - point lines directly from vector graphics files.
A technique invented by Chris Wadsworth where an expression is represented as a directed graph (usually drawn as an inverted tree). Each node represents a function call and its sub trees represent the arguments to that function.
This is an extension of a term rewriting system which uses graph reduction to avoid duplication of work by sharing expressions. Rewriting system is a collection of rewrite rules used to transform terms.
This is a public domaingraph - oriented database system forsoftware engineeringapplications from RWTH Aache.
to hold something firmly
to understand or to hold intellectually
It is an Esprit (European Strategic Programme for Research in Information Technology) project to develop a personal software engineering environment to support the construction and verification of distributed and non - sequential software systems.
Which pertains to lowest level or at the beginning.
A plan that pertains to the lowest entity of an area.
Which pertains to the village which is the basic unit of the geographical administrative set - up.
One who is thankful for kindness.
Sense of satisfaction in kind (money).
Using this technology, pixels (picture elements) are formed on the surface of a silicon chip and become the source for display projection on anything from an auditorium screen down to a handheld computer display.
Which is without any charge.
Given without charging any thing.
A right regarding process of making metal coin.
Goods which are available for no payment.
An amount given to an employee at the time of retirement from service.
It is ametasyntactic variable, invented by Mike Gallaher and propagated by theGOSMACSdocumentation.
Which is serious in nature.
A Web site which has been abandoned or forgotten by its originators that is nevertheless still accessible on a server.
Share market which is in the grip of bears and falling continuously.
carrying developing embryo within
pregnant
Mated female organism with eggs internally.
This is an expression used in physics to indicate the intensity of a gravitational field.
It is a physical constant (symbolized G) which appears in the equation for Newton 's law of gravitation.
This is a model used in physical science to explain how gravity exists in the universe.
The irrigation where flow of water is controlled through force of gravitation.
Water that move down due to gravity.
A wave that is hypothesized to propagate gravity and to travel at the speed of light.
the force of attraction toward the earth due to which objects have weight
This is a ripple in the curvature of the space - time continuum created by the movement of matter.
Several countries in the world are constructing gravity wave detectors, highly sensitive instruments which are able to detect gravity waves and identify their sources.
This is a sequence of typographical symbols used to represent a non - specific, profane word or phrase. An example of a typical grawlix is # @ $% *!
This (symbolized Gy) is the standard unit of an absorbed ionizing - radiation dose, equivalent to one joule per kilogram. 1 Gy is equivalent to one meter squared per second squared.
The place you go while you are staring at a computer that is processing something very slowly.
A device, program or system whose workings are partially understood which is a strategy for software debugging based on limited knowledge of the internal details of the program.
Goods which have not been given a final shape.
Goods which have not been given a final shape.
A term used to describe which type of life on our planet might become if self - replicating robots or nanomachines got out of control and began to use up life forms for their own energy needs in some unstoppable way.
It describes a cracker or a hacker who exploits a security weakness in a computer system or product in order to bring the weakness to the attention of the owners.
This is a list of e - mail addresses or domain names in a spam filter which can be used to identify suspected spam.
It is a range of shades of gray without apparent color. The darkest possible shade is black, which is the total absence of transmitted or reflected light. The lightest possible shade is white, the total transmission or reflection of light at all visible w
A browser extension which enables users to customize Web sites display on their computers. Once Greasemonkey has been installed, user script enables changes to the elements of Web pages.
An economic situation where prices are falling, industrial activity slows down and unemployment rising world wide.
It is an American Standard Code for Information Interchange character 62.
A function that returns the largest positiveinteger in which both arguments are integer multiples of a number.
In order theory in mathematics, the greatest element of a subset S of a partially ordered set (poset) is an element of S which is greater than or equal to any other element of S.
Theflag dayin 1986 on which all of the non - local groups on theUsenethad their names changed from the net. - format to the current multiple - hierarchies scheme. Flag day is a software change that is neither forward - nor backward - compatible, and which is
It is worm perpetrated byRobert T. Morris in November 1988. A Worm is a program that propagates itself over a network, reproducing itself as it goes.
Any algorithm that follows the problem solving metaheuristic of making the locally optimal choice at each stage with the hope of finding the global optimum. A metaheuristic is a heuristic method for solving a very general class of computational problems.
It is a term coined by Daniel Dennett, in the book Darwin 's Dangerous Idea, to distinguish between what he considers acceptable and erroneous forms of reductionism.
It is used to display text as abstract dots and lines in order to give a preview of layout without actually being legible.
It is the use of unreadable dummy text in places reserved for text when prototyping the design or general layout of pages in magazines, books, brochures, advertisements, Web pages, and other visual media.
Alanguage proposed by Cii Honeywell - Bull to meet the Department of DefenceIronman (Fourth of the series of higher level Computer Programming Languages) requirements.
Algae of paraphyletic group of diverse species.
An American bank note / dollar.
This is the informal name for one of the four standard references onPostScript (page description language). The other three official guides are known as theBlue Book, theRed Book, and theWhite Book.
A standardCD - ROMformat developed byPhilipsforCD - i (Compact Disc interactive) It can only be played on drives which are XA (Extended Architecture) compatible.
Meta - information embedded in a file, such as the length of the file or its name is called green bytes.
It is a summary of an assembly language, even if the colour is not green. Now it is less frequently used because of the decrease in the use of assembly language.
A course in which something can be allowed to move smoothly.
The paper money of America - dollar.
This is a repository for the storage, management, and dissemination of data in which the mechanical, lighting, electrical and computer systems are designed for maximum energy efficiency and minimum environmental impact.
Companies which have potential for development.
The installation and configuration of a network where none existed before, for example in a new office is called greenfield deployment. A brownfield deployment, in contrast, is an upgrade or addition to an existing network.
Green seeded pulse crop known as Vigna radiatus.
One who is without experience.
Closed strctures with favourable artificial controlled environment.
This is an apparently random flashing streaks on the face of 3278 - 9 terminals while a new symbol set is being downloaded.
Vegetation (growing plants) used for fertilising the soil.
A type of mortgage tried in home loans where rebate for energy efficiency is allowed.
Replacement of traditional agricultural practices by modern technology that included improved tools and machinery, quality seeds, fertilizers and better irrigational facilities that brought revolution in Indian Agricultural in terms of improvement in production and productivity.
A meeting in which only selected few are allowed to participate.
This is one of the three categories of Internet route states defined by the Policy Analysis of Internet Routing (PAIR) project, an initiative dedicated to the development of tools that Internet service providers, network operators, and end users can use
An option available to retain over subscription of an issue of capital etc.
The practice of making an unsubstantiated or misleading claim about the environmental benefits of a product, service, technology or company is called greenwashing.
It is the standard time common to every place in the world which is formerly and still widely called Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Message conveying good wishes.
Words / gestures expressed to greet someone.
Moving in crowds or groups or herds or flocks.
Paracites that feed on the host body in groups.
He was President and CEO ofSendmail Inc which launched in march 1998.
The calendar in currently used in the Western world, both as the civil and Christian ecclesiastical calendar which is Instituted by Pope Gregory XIII in 1582.
A Unix command and also a utility available for Windows and other operating systems which is used to search one or more files for a given character string or pattern and, if desired, replace the character string with another one.
A situation or topic which is not defined clearly and shares features of different categories.
A market where transactions of such articles / shares take place which are not governed by rules or are regulated and recognised.
grey coloured nervous tissue containing nerve cell bodies and dentrites
brownish - grey coloured tissue of brain or spinal cord which consists of nerve cell bodies along with dentrites
This term is used for the use of unauthorized applications on a corporate network and it is a network - based program allows the corporate network users to download and install without permission from their company 's IT department.
The power of the computer as a fast purveyor of the information and knowledge.
It is an image in which the value of each pixel is a single sample and it carries only intensity information.
The producers of the GT / M {MUMPS} compiler and GT / SQL pre - processor for VAX and DEC Alpha.
This is an SQL pre - processor from Greystone Technologies which combines MUMPS code with SQL code and generates code that can work with a database from both the MUMPS and SQL perspectives.
A computer algebra system for differential geometry, gravitation and field theory.
This is a shortcut method of determining attack angles in grid - based games like Star Trek.
a device used in radiography to prevent scattered radiation from reaching film
A type of chart that shows the interaction of two data points at the grid intersection of their respective axes.
A system where network (frame work) of electronic connection is created.
A framework of network lines.
A cause of complaint.
A procedure relating to filing of complaints.
To correct the wrong or unfair.
Which is very serious.
severe harm or physical damage
A utility operating system to remove files according to some automated program or semi - automatic manual procedure, especially one designed to reclaim mass storage space or reduce name - space clutter.
acute spasmodic pain, especially in abdomen
sudden severe pain in the intestines
A wry name for internal VNET system of IBM, deriving from its common use by IBMers to voice pointed criticism of IBM management that would be taboo in more formal channels.
This term is used to make a complaint about something.
quality of resembling small rough granules, as of sand or stone
resembling minute rough granules, as of sand
This is a meta - number, which is an arbitrary integer between 6 and 7, it is used either alone or with flib or suffixes such as - ty, - teen, etc
The term is commonly used for searching something in the system or programm.
The meaning of this term is use the programs with merely sufficient understanding.. Literally the word meaning is "to drink
This term is used to cut, sever, smash, or similarly disable to clear the state of a wedged device and restart it.
This term is used when a system or a device is in broken condition. In common life it is used to express the condition of feeling very tired or sick.
Which is total not net.
Which has been badly misused.
Accounting which is general in nature and not specific.
The amount of money before any tax or costs etc.
The amount of money before any tax or costs etc.
The total assets which are not net.
The total assets which are not net.
Total area of land which is used for growing crops.
It reflects the total value of final goods and services produced in an economy in a year.
Total income generated (without deductions etc.).
Mistake which is of serious nature.
Amount of expenditure which is total before adjustments, if any.
The gross value of items of property owned by a business enterprise like land, building, plant, machinery etc.
Total income from all sources before deductions (taxes etc.).
Total income from all sources before deductions (taxes etc.).
Interest received on an investment etc. before payment of tax.
Amount of interest which has been paid without any deduction.
Liabilities which are total and not net.
Total limit on the amount of insurance coverage of an insurer will undertake on an individual risk.
Loss which is not net or refined.
Amount of losses which is before adjustments etc.
The term denote profit margin in a transaction or business venture.
The profit which is earned in buying or selling commercial goods.
Improper behaviour which is of serious nature.
An error which is of serious nature.
The total amount of borrowings of the government of a country.
The total value in the money of a country of the total production of goods and services and amount of expenditure in the country for one year.
The total value of goods and services produced in a country and income from abroad in a given period.
Ignoring completely.
Failure to take enough care of one 's responsibilities.
The gross amount of pay that includes all special allowances etc. but which is not net.
The total amount that has been gained from selling something.
The total amount of yield or production.
Amount that represents net sales less cost of goods sold.
This is a financial ratio used to assess the profitability of a firm 's core activities, excluding fixed costs.
The calculation of profit as a ratio which may be with reference to net sales or capital.
Total receipts before deduction for expenses.
The total amount which has been collected from the debtors without deducting expenditure etc.
Amount of total income (of Government or an organisation).
Amount of total income (of Government or an organisation).
The total amount of goods sold without deductions such as returns, discounts etc.
Savings which are calculated as gross national income less total consumption + net transfers.
The difference between the buying price and the selling price.
All such assets which are used for giving on lease or hire.
The total amount of money.
A process of calculation by combining the year 's gross receipts and saving' s withdrawals.
In case of transfer of money from one bank to another, when funds are immediately credited to the respective account.
A ship 's total freight carrying capacity measured in tons.
Total which is not net.
Value which is before any tax etc.
Value which is before any tax etc.
The total weight of the goods including weight of package or box etc. in which they are packed.
The total amount of production of agricultural produce on a definite size of holding (in terms of quantity or value)
Reason or motive.
surface of earth
The balance which has been carried forward from earlier books.
Skin inflamation when rupture become entry point for paracite.
Not based on solid reason.
The systems or arrangement through which credit is to be made available to the actual beneficiary.
Oil seed plant belongs to legumes family.
edible, oily seed of a leguminous plant which is used a source of food and oil
The basis on which claim has been made or preferred.
Rent paid to the person who owns the land that your house is built on.
Rent paid for the land.
Convincing reasons based on which something has been done.
Comprises bulk of the young plant includes parenchyma, collenchyma, sclerenchyma.
Water available beneath the earth 's surface.
A survey conducted for finding possibility of water in / under soil or rock.
This is a surface wave which is also an electromagnetic wave guided by a refractive index gradient.
Preliminary or basic work done before doing some work.
A collective unit of persons / institutions.
a gathering together of persons or objects
a class of related things having similarities
The CCITT fax protocol which uses data compression and allows a variety of file types to be transmitted over analogue telephone lines.
This is also a CCITT fax protocol like G3 which uses data compression and permits different types file types like e - mail, pictures, PostScript, etc. to be transmitted over digital (ISDN) telephone lines.
Accounts relating to the group.
Credit facilities made available to different companies belonging to a group.
Banks which belongs to a particular group - holding or subsidiary.
This term refers the interaction between a group of agents in order to fulfil a given task.
In computer science, group code is a type of code used in programming.
This is a recording method used for 6250 BPI magnetic tapes which is a group of five bits of code to represent four bits of data.
It is a set of cohesions in computer programming. cohesion is a measurement of strongly - related and focused various responsibilities of a software module.
The term refers to a programming paradigm used in the context of data or service replication.
An interactive computer based system that facilitates users finding solutions to semi structured problems.
The total amount of finance made available by the bank to all companies of the group.
The total amount of finance made available by the bank to all companies of the group.
A formal written promise to make legally responsible the group for the payment of money or to replace a defective product.
A unique number, between 0 and 32767 for identifying a set of users under Unix Operation System.
A sign by which the level of group can be judged or measured.
A symbol of indication of a particular group.
To divide into groups and categories.
Insurance (policy) which covers a group of people.
Scheme of insurance which covers a specific group of people.
When number of people / organisation have common interest or share a similar interest.
When question - answer session is conducted in a group to judge suitability of the candidates.
When groups for their own interest and clash with each other.
A desired pattern to be followed by the group companies / organisations belonging to a particular group.
In a communications network, this is a predefined address used to address only a specified set of users.
An organisation of 77 developing countries of the world.
An organisation of the highest industrialised nations of the world vize - USA, Canada, France, Britain, Italy, Japan and Germany.
A pension plan for specific group of persons.
It is a collection of settings which define what a system will look like and how it will behave for a defined group of users.
This is a system for symbolic mathematics related with computational discrete algebra, especially group theory
System in which choice of a suitable person is made from amongst the group.
This is character 29 of ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange) The basis of character sets of ASCII is used in almost all present - day computers.
It is a disk scheduling strategy in which requests are served in cycles, in a round - robin manner.
The system of deciding wages for the group as a whole for the assignment given to them.
This is a Software tools and technology to support groups of people working together on a project, often at different sites
According to group.
To work interminably and without apparent progress is called grovel.
increase in the size of an organism or body part due to development
Physical or economic increase over initial.
Areas / offices of business which are identified as growing very quickly.
an agent that promotes growth of a cell or an organism
Physical movement or growth of plant parts in response to external stimulus.
The process of increase in quantum and / or number of deposits in the bank.
Which is directed towards development.
Which has potency to grow.
Things that contribute in furtherance of development.
The speed at which something is increasing.
A band or area in which growth is taking place.
Occurance of discrete annual or seasonal growth patterns in trees.
The factors on which speed of growth depends or affected.
In fungi, the distance from first septum to tip of the hyphae.
Iit is a code which is inaccessible due to changes in other parts of the program.
This term is used to refer a language. There are three words which end in gry in the English language.. "Angry" and "hungry" are two words that end in "gry" and the third word is gry.
Sub order of Extremophile of wingless insects.
Taking of responsibility for the payment or performance of an obligation of other person in case of default or a formal assurance for something.
Bond issued by a financial institution for long term guaranteeing that the person to whom bond is issued will get a fixed amount on maturity.
A middleman who facilitates or arranges guarantee.
A protection provided against harm or damage.
Secured in case of default.
The amount of money that is to be paid annually when guaranteed.
Account in which predetermined interest rate is paid for a predetermined period of time.
Share which have a preferential right as to the payment of dividend and get preference in repayment when company is wind up.
The price quoted which may not vary.
This is a scheduling algorithm used in multitasking operating systems that guarantees fairness by monitoring the amount of CPU time spent by each user and allocating resources accordingly.
An investment usually in government stock, which guarantees a stated rate of interest on the capital.
An insurance policy where three assured benefits are available.
A person on entity that has undertaken in writing to fulfil a promise or obligation.
Someone whose job is to guard a place or person.
This is a Boolean expression attached to a function definition specifying when that definition is appropriate in a functional programming
Book that contains details regarding guards.
One of the paired epidermal cell surrounding the stomata.
It is a parallel dialect of Prolog (Programming in Logic) in which each clause has a guard
A file that contains copies of master circulars for guidance of staff.
One who is legally responsible for looking after the child.
A certificate that states the status of a guardian.
A parade organised in honour of someone.
A parade of soldiers in honour of a V. I. P.
Private boarding house where guests are accommodate.
The act of guiding or giving direction.
direction or advice while doing particular action
One who guides or shows the way.
These include twisted - pair wire and coaxial cable, with copper being the preferred core transmission material for networks.
A set of rules that guides how to perform.
Set of instructions which explain procedures etc.
Trend of price that gives an idea.
Instruction suggesting the best way to do something.
An association of business community for an organisation.
The economy where focus is on mutual and protection of interests of a particular class / trade with similar interests.
Feeling of having done something wrong.
Having an awareness of the existence of guilt.
One who is not guilty of anything.
A piece of freeware decorated with a message telling one how long and hard the author worked on it.
Responsible for some wrong.
Feeling ashamed / sad for doing something that is wrong.
Organ at lower surface of head and bounded by cheeks.
a muscular tube which carries food from mouth to stomach
firm tissue covering the alveolar parts of the jaw and surrounds the bases of teeth
Resinous substance flow out from plant prats.
a small painful lesion on the gum
Exhudation of gum from plant parts due to infestation.
It is a command used to forcibly terminate a program in a computer.
It is a standard for electrical signals in CMOS circuits used to provide higher data transfer speeds with smaller voltage swings.
Bags made of jute fabric.
It is the decompression utility corresponding to gzip which is a GNU compression utility.
A famous company which provides application development and deployment software for client - server applications, consisting of a relational database, application development tools and transparent connectivity software.
This term is used to show the expression of shocked disbelief.
This word is used for an expert, especially in "Unix guru", who implies not only wizard skill but also a resource of knowledge for others.
This word is Amiga equivalent of Unix 's panic which sometimes just called a "guru" or "guru event".
alimentary canal or part of it, especially intestine
Secretions of xylem sap on the leaf surface.
A software engineer whose most notable contributions to the art of computing include the design of a scheme and the design of the original command set of Emacs
It is a new version of A da / Ed which is an interpreter, editor, and run - time environment for Ada, intended as a teaching tool.
This was an early version of MS - BASIC which was a dialect of BASIC from Microsoft, originally developed by Bill Gates
The term means to hack, usually at night, or one who does so that could often be found at the College Computing Center punching cards or crashing the PDP - 10
It is a commercial version of NCSA Mosaic for MS Windows 3. x and Windows for Workgroups.
Body cavity in insects with out special lining cells.
Group of plants with nacked seeds.
branch of medicine that deals with diseases of female reproductive organs including breasts
This word is used for Specification and verification of concurrent systems software.
a ridge or rounded elevation on the cerebral surface
An order of the court to bring a person before the court.
Usual behaviour or practice.
Something one is used to do regularly.
tendency to do something in a particular way due to repetition of such thing
a particular pattern of behaviour produced by repetition
a place where an organism normally lives
Ecological area where a particular animal, plant, any other species live.
A term used for on - line graphical virtual communities.
repeated contraction of specific muscles as result of habit
Which is being done as a habit.
One who has adopted something as a regular practice.
occurance of repeated spontaneous abortions in a woman
Who has made it a practice to default.
Who is defaulting as a habit.
Who has made defaulting a usual behaviour.
Who borrow and remain under debt as a matter of practice.
Who have made it a habit to.
Committing offences as a habit.
The process of forming a habit,
This is the act of hacking, or breaking into a computer system, for a politically or socially motivated purpose.
This term refers something that is or involves a hack or pertaining to hackers or the hacker subculture.
It is a planned hacking run which is intended to last for about a week with lots of hackers.
It means to spend time doing silly or unimportant things or doing nothing at all.
This is a stripped down version of the Blackbox minimalist window manager for the X Window System.
This is a situation when system administrators who have become annoyed, upset, or touchy owing to suspicions that their sites have been victimised by crackers.
It is a processing unit of a computer which perform millions of calculations in every second.
This term is used for a person who creates art by hacking on technology as an artistic medium.
It is an ethical duty of hackers to share their expertise by writing open - source code and facilitating access to information and to computing resources wherever is possible.
A distinctive style of shared intellectual humour found among hackers, having some marked characteristics.
A large collection of definitions of computing terms, including much wit, wisdom, and history.
A patched version of the Mac operating system that enables Mac Operating System X to run on a regular Personal Computer.
In the technology and computer science fields genarally this term refers to obtain unauthorized access of a computer or network.
This is a hack session extended long outside normal working times, especially one longer than 12 hours.
This term means somebody is engaged in hacking.
This term is commonly used when somebody tries to hack a programme.
It is a 26 - episode anime serie based on the storylines of the hack / / G. U. franchise, animated by studio Bee Train.
This is an anime television series directed by Kichi Mashimo and produced by studio Bee Train and Bandai Visual.
A hacktivist uses the same tools and techniques as a hacker, but does so in order to disrupt services and bring attention to a political or social cause.
Generally this term is used for quick hack to produce the result as early as possible.
This is the notion among hackers that something is worth doing or is interesting.
A U. S. Immigration Service visa classification that permits aliens to be employed in the United States up to six years in a specialty occupation, including occupations in information technology.
A pigment which is red in color and which attaches itself to oxygen.
A prefix signifying blood
Tumor of blood in the vessel
The presence of a blood in a joint cavity
Vomiting of blood
An agent that improves blood formation
Any substance or medicine having blood forming action
Retention of the menstrual blood into the vagina due to conjenital abnormality
A percent (%) volume of red cells when packed
A blood tumor
A tree found in america which is used in medicine and dyeing.
The presence of red cells in the urine
A cavity which is filled with lymph, blood and present in insects.
Relative increase in red blood cellsto plasma
A stem cell in the bone marrow which produce the blood cells
The red pigment in the blood carrying oxygen.
A fluid containing iron and which helps in oxygen transportation.
The presence of haemoglobin in the urine
A study which is carried out by experimenting on blood.
Is referred to as blood of insects which does not contain red pigments..
Destructin of red blood cells
A Destruction of red blood cells leads to excessive formation of bile pigment in the blood
Accumulation of the blood in the pericardial cavity
Bleeding from vessel.
Varicosity of the veins around the anus.
Abnormal condition of anus having prominent rectal venous
stoppege of bleeding
A procedure which is carried out on organisms to stop the blood loss.
Accumilation of blood in the pleural cavity of lung
Trying to argue about price of something.
To bargain persistently on the price of something.
It is a plan of Microsoft company to provide a single place on the Web where you can securely store personal and financial information.
Short, Thread like, faint black structure present on the body
Black colored, long thread like structure on the the head
Fillaments which penetrate out from the epidermis.
In banking context this is the difference between the value of security offered against the loan and the outstanding value of loan.
Root of the hair
This is the process of returning a message from an origin endpoint back in the direction it came from as a way to get it to its destination endpoint.
A worm which is parasitic in nature and is identical to hair.
This term is used for high - powered, authoritative, rare, expert, and incomprehensible people.
This term is used for a result intopologystating that a continuous vector field on a sphere is always zero somewhere. Topology is a branch of mathematics dealing with continuous transformations.
It is a "memo" (technical report) of the MIT AI Lab that describes a wide variety of hacks, primarily useful and clever algorithms for mathematical computation.
A shorthand method of spelling found on many British academic bulletin boards andchatsystems.
In electronics, it is a digital circuit that performs addition of numbers. In modern computers adders reside in the arithmetic logic unit (ALU) where other operations are performed.
An elementary electronic circuit in the ALU that adds one bit to another, deriving a result bit and a carry bit.
Notes (currency) which are damaged or if their sufficient part is not available.
An account which is maintained (at RBI etc) in respect of half and mutilated notes for which claim are admitted / settled.
A system of calculating pay an average basis which is half of the regular pay.
It is also called WAN bridges which work in pairs and connect local area network.
Leave which is not for full day but half.
Duplex is the process of transmitting data in two directions. There are three modes of transmission - simplex, half - duplex and full - duplex.
In communications this term is used to convey information through signals from a transmitter to a receiver.
It means that data can be transmitted in both directions on a signal carrier, but not at the same time.
The line on which one workstation can send data and then immediately receive data on the line from the same direction.
This word is used for the state or setting of a program or device.
In a communications system, this is a network junction or connection point. Every terminal, computer, hub and switch is a node.
This service executes facility to send data in both directions.
Not working for hall day.
The term is used to indicate the half of the energy transmitted.
The amount of time takes for half of a substance or entity to undergo some specified process.
A blank space of half page left near the border of written page.
Position of flag lowered half way down.
This is a tactic in which a malevolent hacker can use to determine the state of a communications port without establishing a full connection.
Which is fifty percent of the pay.
Which is fifty percent of the pay.
Leave during which half pay is paid.
It is a device or a software in a computer, that determines the next network point to forward a packet.
It is an abstract description for layered communications and computer network protocol design.
It is a printed circuit board which is installed to enhance capabilities of a computer.
It is a combinational circuit that is used to perform subtraction of two bits.
One who does not work full time.
A hard copy is a permanent reproduction, or copy in the form of a physical object, of any media suitable for direct use by a person, of displayed or transmitted data.
It is a graphical representation created by reprographic technique.
This is the reprographic technique which simulates continuous tone imagery through the use of equally spaced dots of different size.
Such notes which are not complete and their half value is payable on claim as per RBI Note Refund Rules.
Customers who are in the state of double mind whether to buy or not.
Happening twice a year on 6 month 's interval.
The closing of accounts which is done at intervals of six months.
Report which is prepared every half year.
A set of six months each.
A simple language fromHewlett - Packardfor communicating with devices such asmodems andX. 25PADs
Unpleasant or foul breath
A large room.
A false perception or image.
Chemicals capable of producing hallucination
the great toe
An outward bending of the great toe
This is an intermediate language used for flight control applications.
aAdepigmented ring around a mole.
A reddish yellow ring surrounding the optic disk, of eye
An aircraft designed to act as a very high altitude receiving and transmitting tower, circling a metropolitan area for providing broadband telecommunication service.
A plant growth found in salty surfaces.
A stopping place.
To cease moving.
This term is used for several undocumented and semi - mythical machine instructions with destructive side - effects.
A cord of rope which is used to tie something.
An allowance paid to employee while travelling outstation.
An allowance paid to an employee who stops overnight outside the place of work.
It is a problem of determining in advance whether a particular program or algorithm will terminate or run forever.
Principles relating to dividing things into two.
It is unsolicited e - mail on the Internet which is also called spam.
A problem in graph theory posed by William Hamilton: given a graph, is there a path through the graph which visits each vertex precisely once.
A hand tool for hitting nails etc. made of heavy metal on one side and a long handle.
A instrument with metal head and handle
A set of error - correction codes which is used to detect and correct bit errors, that occur when computer data is moved or stored.
This term is used for the minimum number of bits that must be changed in order to convert one bit string into another.
An American mathematician known for his work in information theory (notably error detection and correction).
It provides communication during states of emergency and works when all other services fail.
A particularly slick little piece of code that does thing well like a small, self - contained hack.
One of the set of glyphs common to Chinese (where they are called "hanzi"), Japanese (kanji), and Korean (hanja).
A C - based programming language developed by AT & T; specifically for data mining telephone and Internet records.
A workman of some organisation.
Which is written in hand.
The fore arm with palm, fingers
The part upper limb of the body
When a document is signed and seal is affixed of the competent authority.
Cash which is readily available and can be used.
A small printed advertisement.
A notice written on paper being distributed by hand (advertising material etc.).
A small book containing useful information on something.
To perform a normally automated software installation or configuration process by hand; implies that the normal process failed due to bugs or was defeated by something exceptional in the local environment.
A pair of metal rings used to hold a prisoner 's wrists.
A machine driven by manpower.
It is an imperative language with primitives for controlling parallel programs.
The practice of translating a hot spot of a program in a HLL (high level language) into hand - tuned assembly language.
A computer that can conveniently be stored in a pocket and used while you 're holding it.
A language that allows the text portions of Web pages to be presented on cellular telephones and personal digital assistants (PDA) via wireless access Developed by Unwired Planet.
Physical and mental disabled child
Persons who depend on other for support being not able to do themselves.
Person who is not able to use parts of his body or mind for any damage etc.
Person who has difficulty in using parts of his body.
Area of work that suffers with disadvantage of some kind like infrastructure etc.
A work created by using skills of hand.
The process or act of making someone else responsible of work.
A system of communication by movement of hand.
To manage the situation
That part of the tool heald in the hand
Amount charged for moving things from one place to another.
Amount charged for moving things from one place to another.
Amount charged for moving things from one place to another.
An agreement for moving goods from one place to another.
Facilities relating to moving of goods from one place to another.
To deal with something.
The process of keeping safe / in order the documents or to initiate desired action them.
A small machine used for weaving by hand.
Industry where weaving is done on hand operated loans.
Which is operated manually.
Deliver or surrender possession of.
A horizontal bar of wood or metal held in hand.
Receipt made by hand.
Position prevailing in the market.
Persons engaged for doing some work - workforce.
When people leave each other.
Simian line on the palm of hand
Deformity in which there is flattening of the thenar eminence, and the thumb lies adducted and extended;
Large difference between the cost of production of an item and its selling price.
Buying done to satisfy one 's immediate needs.
The production which is extremely necessary is only being done.
The production which is extremely necessary is only being done.
The writing by hand.
Which has been written in hand.
Which is easy to handle.
This is a condition that sometimes occurs when computer programs conflict or do not run properly and the computer seems paralyzed.
Suspended, pendulous, by string
A part of a chapter which gives some peculiar meaning.
Feeling of a hang to the person
Organisms which show the presence of only a single pair of chromosomes.
A process of reprodution occuring in plants.
The count of the number of chromosome pair in a cell.
The process wherein a single pair of chromosome groups are formed.
Closely related genes which are transmitted as a whole.
Happynet. com is a domain name that was basically chosen to replace the UNIX - to - UNIX Copy Protocol node known as avenger.
A part which helps the algae or water plants attach to something.
Annoying or imitating behaviour.
Unpleasant and threatening behaviour.
A place for shelter of ships near to land where water is calm.
Amount that is payable for use of harbour.
A rigid structure
Rules which are definite and strict.
Tough stand taken while negotiating price.
This term is used for the return of a control character from the end of a line to next line in Baudot code on a teletypewriter.
Ready money.
A sore or ulcer on the genital organ
The hard drive stores all data where all files and folders are located.
It is is a non - reprogrammable device seamlessly migrated from a design.
Such type of outstanding amount which has not been paid on due date and which is difficult to recover.
The difficult availability of currency which is in high demand and stable.
The currency of a country which is not subject to wide variations in exchange rate fluctuations.
An area where currency is stable, not subject to wide variation.
A device in computer where data is stored.
When a hard disk drive malfunctions and the stored information cannot be accessed then this crash occures in computing.
The process when interest rates are increasing.
The process of increase in price.
The trend of price rise.
This term is used for a permanent and unrecoverable error like disk read error.
The goods which satisfy the needs of families and used for long.
Requires much hard work.
Physical or mental work that requires tireless work.
A loan which is obtained on high payment of interest or required to be repaid in a hard currency.
The currency or a medium of exchange which is in constant demand and is not subject to much variations in value.
The coins / currency which are made of costly metal like gold etc.
The test pertaining to quality of being hard.
The anterior bony part of the palate
This is a paragraph break in a word processor.
It is an archaic form of sectoring in a magnetic or optical data storage device.
An allowance paid for working under conditions which are hard to bear.
The name we use during online chat which comes as our name on screen is a handle.
Term used for computer machinery and its various individual parts.
Hub is a hardware device which is used to network multiple computers together.
This is the layer ofMicrosoftWindows NTwhere they have isolated theirassembly languagecode.
This is the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes.
A ware contains dissolves of minerals
This word is used for a programming code that solves a problem.
Who works tirelessly with efforts.
A fissured lip
This is a signal or wave whose frequency is an integral multiple of the frequency of some reference signal or wave.
When there is no discordant or conflicting of interest.
When one does not have to struggle or undergo annoying process for obtaining loan.
Evolve from eggs.
Bring out young ones from the egg structure.
The conditions or factors which are responsible or necessary for hatching to take place.
A small customary payment to the master of the ship for his care and trouble.
Transportation of goods by road or railway etc / remuneration paid for transportation.
Charges paid for transportation of goods.
A structure resembling roots which is used by parasites to suck food from the hosts.
A chanmber like structure which is present just after the grinder in worms.
Those who have adequate means of comfortable living and those who do not have them.
It is a statement in Structure Query Language (SQL).
The price fixed by the stock exchange of a settlement at which outstanding sale or purchase transaction is offset and carried forward for the next settlement.
Person who travels about selling goods.
One form of allergy affecting nose and eyes
Which is a risk or danger.
Harmful to body
Which is risky or source of danger.
Something which is dangerous or risky for survival.
Profession or work which involves risk.
A risky employment / profession.
Amount of pay given for performing hazardous duty.
Hazard due x ray like radiation
pain in head
Pain in the head
The power or authority that rests with the people sitting at the head of administration, and administered by them.
Details of nomenclature given.
It is a combination of text and images which is appeared at the top of each page when displayed or printed.
It is a record which is being used for file identification.
It is a high - performance transport protocol implementation technique which is most important for high - speed links.
It is a narrow gap in a core of magnetic material arranged in a doughnut shape.
Title words written at the top of a piece of writing.
The high level of inflation which is making news.
A parasite or insect present on the head in the hairs
The main head (of account etc.).
A type of tax which is so much per head or per person.
A note recorded at top corner of a written matter to highlight something.
The title (nomenclature) of accounts.
Main office of an organisation.
The principle office of an organisation.
Title (head) of income under which it is shown.
Who is the chief of office.
Person who is in charge of Revenue (Department).
One who is principal incharge of an educational institution.
An allowance paid for working at head office.
An administration centre of an organisation.
Accounts which are identified by their titles like entertainment and hospitality accounts etc.
Nomenclature given to different type of receipts under revenue head.
A subordinate head under the main head or the person who is working under the chief.
One who is in a senior subordinate position or a major sub - head under the main head.
Which is used for wearing on head.
To restore or to recover
Physical and mental fitness of the body
The centre where, take the care of the normal person and patient
A certificate regarding good health of someone - fitness for work.
Documentary evidence of fitness given by the doctor
A set of rules formulated to ensure that a loan remain good asset and does not turn out to be sick.
A set of rules formulated to ensure that a loan remain good asset and does not turn out to be sick.
This is a comprehensive and uniform grading system to monitor the quality of borrowal accounts.
The education related to health given by medical person
An insurance that covers matters relating to health.
The officer, taking care of health, and health education
A place where people go for holidaying.
Based on credit grading eight categories of loan accounts were credited to know its status.
To meet the people for the health examinitation purpose
The worker who help the doctor in the health centre
When country has with it adequate amount - of foreign exchange.
Better realisation of price of something (with reference to cost).
This is an area of memory reserved for data in programming.
This is a program to analyze a heap dump file for Java programs.
This is a sorting algorithm which arrange the data to be sorted into a special type of binary tree.
Listening of evidence or arguments etc. in a court of law.
A sense, to perceive sound by ear
Not based on personal knowledge - rumour.
Vehicle for carrying the coffin at a funeral.
To fix in the heart
It is a vital organ of the body
An acute condition of heart disease
The sound produced by heart
Heart sounds,
Stopage of electric current of the heart
Stopage in the conductive system of the heart
Burning sensation in the chest
Any pathological condition of the heart
Heart is Unable to pump the blood at an adequate rate and in adequate volume
A cessation of the heart beat
A device for heart and lung
To make cleanness of patient for the heart and lung surgery
Sounds produced by heart
Wood found at the center of stem or bark which comprises of dead cells.
A parasite which is spread by mosquitoes.
A condition being a warm or hot
Hard token which is also called 'authentication token' is a hardware security device which is used to authorize a user.
Increase in body temperature due to exposure to high temperature
When tax is imposed as a token and not on full scale.
Special tools, machines and other things needed for a particular activity which are large in size or heavy in weight.
Industries which are essential for the development of economy and produces large goods like Machines, Steel, Cement etc.
Industry which produces heavy items of mass consumption like iron, coal, paper, chemicals etc.
Such a market where sellers are more than the buyers.
A situation in the share market where there is steep fall in the share prices and very few sellers are available.
Vehicle large in size or carrying heavy weight.
A unit of land area measurement.
Purchase which are made without considering fundaments.
Something that gives protection in case money is lost in some transaction.
A process through which an investor may gain some protection against the possible loss.
An agreement of combining two or more transactions to achieve a risk reduction objective.
Back floor of the foot
Proximal portion of the plantar surface of the foot.
It represents the lowercase character 's body ln typography.
Some use who is legally entitled to inherit the property of another.
A heir who enjoys established right of inheriting family property.
Who has been declared successor to the throne.
Without a heir.
Absence of legal heir.
Which has been acquired / retained for trading purpose.
Which (securities etc.) will be encashed only an maturity.
Which has been delayed / hindered.
Known as sunflower which is mainly grwon for producing oil.
Tall perennial with hairy stems and leaves; widely cultivated for its large irregular edible tubers
A surface which is coiled.
Are pathogen seen in plants which has a coiled structure.
A change in orientation of leaves and flowers of plants towards the sun.
An ability of plants to grow towards or away from light.
An area where helicopters can land.
This term is used to evoke a routine in a programming language.
It is a teaching method adopted in Practical Extraction and Report Language (PERL) by Larry Wall.
A covering of the head made up of hard material
A protective attachment present as the outer covering of a flower.
A parasitic worm
This word is used in a special type of online documentation.
One who helps another in work.
Interview that helps preparing well.
This is an online document that poses a series of common questions and answers on a specific topic.
It represents a desired documentation in a help system.
Insects which depend on blood as food for survival.
Loss of vision for one half of the visual field of one or both eyes.
Atrophy of one lateral half of a part or of an organ, as the face or tongue.
A parasite which needs the cells of host for its life cycle.
These is a group comprising of namatodes.
Group of polysaccharides found in plant wall which is easily degraded by microorganisms.
It is a plant parasitic worm which is one of the smallest known species.
A group of worms which are differentiated by their external sheath and effect plant survival.
A group of insects which show partial metamorphosis.
Paralysis of one side of the body.
A group comprising of bugs which are found on plants.
Half circle like structure
A groups of plants in the family of daisy.
A structure which is present near the excretory part of the worms.
Part of blood which gives immunity to organisms.
Number of organs and the tissues which are involved in blood production.
Twisted fible of hemp.
Related to the liver
liver wort
A group of plant species.
Inability of liver to perform proper function
Jaundice related to liver
Inflammation of liver
Enlargement of the liver
The medicinal plant
Thel plant that does not grows woody tissue
A type of plant which is used for flavouring, smell etc and has no proper stem of wood.
Showing the absence of woody stem and tissues are very soft.
A study carried out on driedplant specimens.
A substance used for killing unwanted plants.
A plant eating animal
To move with the herd / mob or follow others blindly.
To move with the herd / mob or follow others blindly.
From now on or in future.
By this means.
Passed down from one generation to anther.
Related to the heredity
The profession which is passed down by inheritance.
Rights which have been acquired as heredity rights.
Rights which have been acquired as heredity rights.
Rights which have been acquired as heredity rights.
The genetical information is transferred to the daughter cells by the mother cell.
With this (Letter or document).
Security which can be passed on to one 's descendants.
Values and traditions existing for a long time in a society.
A plants which has a spore as well as ovule producing capability.
An organism having male as well as female parts of reproduction.
Protrusion of a part or structure through the tissues or wall or cavity
An inflammatory skin disease caused by herpes virus
Herpes is caused by herpes simplex virus, varicella zoster virus
An inflammatory viral skin disease caused by Varicella zoster virus characterized by skin rashes with blisters.
A unit of frequency of electrical vibrations equal to one cycle per second.
In a plant where corolla and calyx have different colors.
A transparent thick cell found in cyanobacteria that fixes the nitrogen.
A type of worm which is found in the cyst of legume plants.
a family of nematodes
A plant having flowers which are female as well as male.
A plant showing heterogamous features.
A method used to combine the results of different trials to obtain a quantified synthesis.
This is the characteristic of containing different manufacturers' products.
Data which have diverse character and are of different kind.
The process under which different kind of products are manufactured.
This is a pedagogy to combine multiple signals for transmission over a single line or media.
A network that includes computers and other devices from different manufacturers.
Of or relating to dissimilar elements or parts.
Of or relating to something having a foreign origin.
A group of odd and different species of organisms.
A cell comprising of two genetically different nucleus.
A change of characteristics of the genetically modified hybrid plants over their parents.
A plant which produces males as well as female spores.
Producing pores which are different in sex and size.
A flower bearing plant which have different sizes of the style.
A sexual reproduction in which involvement of two different thallus are required.
Organisms which feed on organic matter for survival.
Feeds on organic carbon and nitrogen for survival.
Type of organisms which spends its life cycle in sandfly and in vertebrate.
An organism which transfers two different genes at a particular section on a chromosome.
Having dissimilar pairs of genes for a hereditary characteristic.
Two different type of genes which is being transferred by the both parents.
A currency which is considered currency of stability.
This is a free, Java - based programming framework that supports the processing of large data sets in a distributed computing environment.
Knowledge which obtained about heuristic programming
This is a procedure executed in object - oriented programming.
A tree which is mainly grown for its milky juice, which is used to make rubber.
Heuristic is a good guide to follow when making decisions, also called as a '' rule of thumb ''.
It is the combination of digits 0 through 9 and alphabets from '' a '' through '' f '' and it begin with 0x.
It is a notation used in hexadecimal number system.
The first ten digits are the numbers of the decimal system 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. The remaining six digits are denoted as A, B, C, D, E, F which represents 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 respectively.
This system is based on16 numbers. In computer system, numbers are symbols which hold certain values and have pre - defined maenings.
An opening or passage in a body part or organ.
A base - 16 number system is called hexadecimal.
A plant which is from the family hibiscus bearing ornamental flowers.
A plant which is cheifly cultivated for its fiber.
A plant from hibiscus family grown for its pods which are used in soups etc.
A small shrub bearing double red flowers.
A plant which is cheifly grown for its infusion characteristics.
A spasm of the diaphragm causing sudden inhalation interrupted by spasmodic closure of the glottis, producing a characteristic noise.
An image which is out of sight or secret.
The type of inflation which is not visible but has the effect of fall in the purchasing value of money.
This is a line that cannot be seen because view of it is obstructed by part of the object or of another object.
This is an algorithm developed for reporting intersections of polygons.
The process through which prices are increased in an out of sight manner.
Such reserves which are although in existence in effect but cannot be seen by simple examination of the balance sheet.
An element of subsidy which is not visible.
That form of taxation which cannot be seen but has the effect of tax.
The state of being out of work which is not easily identifiable or out of sight.
A kind of database management system that links records together like a family tree such that each record type has only one owner.
A library and multi - object file format for the transfer of graphical and numerical data between computers.
This is a file system in which the files are organised into a hierarchy.
Which has been arranged in a hierarchy.
A type of menu whose hierarchical structure matches that of the site to which the page belongs on a web page.
It is an approach to automated planning in artificial intelligence.
The complex problem of routing on large networks can be simplified by breaking a network into a hierarchy of smaller networks is called hierarchical routing., where each level is responsible for its own routing.
This is a type of network topology in which a central 'root' node is connected to one or more other nodes in the hierarchy.
A system in an organisation arranged according to grades for reporting and controlling purposes.
An arrangement of particular organisms in a particular order.
Bargaining on price or terms of a deal.
Funds which are obtained at a high cost.
Funds which are obtained at a high cost.
A high yield of interest return which is offered / received on a bond or share.
Such currency notes which are of high value e. g. Rs. 1000 / - or more.
An area where rate of duty is more.
Work which require sophisticated technique and high cost.
Someone who enjoys high rank and authority in an organisation.
A group which includes seedless and plant resembling organisms.
College or university education.
A proportional co - relation between the shareholders funds and the long term debt in a given period which are of high order.
A process of categoring inorder to compare or study them.
Bid which is highest in term of money.
The rate of exchanging currency which is high.
When large amount of loan is granted to one party / group or segment.
Large amount of loan facility extended.
Persons who are very successful in their profession.
Which is of the best quality.
Using authority in an unreasonable manner.
Those who are earning much higher income as compared to average people.
High rate of change of job by labour.
Holding senior or responsible position.
This is a group of protocols used for transmitting data between network points.
A decision taken by persons in senior positions.
A subcommittee, which focus on the usability, desirability, usefulness, or other properties of applications.
A programming language which provides some level of abstraction above assembly language.
It is a programming language with strong abstraction from the details of the computer.
A coloured marker used for emphasising words.
Outstanding features of an event.
Special features of something.
Which draws attention or of vivid interest.
Which has a high degree of elasticity.
Job where salary is very high.
In an important and powerful position.
Mechanic who is very skillful in his work.
Mechanic who is very skillful in his work.
This is the RAM area consisting of 48 kibibytes (KiB), of the extended memory on an IBM PC or compatible microcomputer.
The person who has a high level of value of assets less all current and long term liabilities.
The adequate quantum of funds belonging to shareholders is an essential requirement for financing a big project.
Officer holding senior position.
When the outstanding not paid on time are of high magnitude.
This is the use of parallel processing for running advanced application programs efficiently, reliably and quickly.
A state where at low cost good performance can be achieved.
A committee enjoying powers greater than normal.
Money which is of basic or great importance.
A condition where the exertion of force is above average.
The cost / price of which is very high.
An executing official who is highly paid.
Which has to be given high precedence.
The high stage / rate in the process of growing.
When rate of interest is greater than what is normal.
Areas where rate of recovery is more than the normal.
This the solution covers the entire risk management cycle: identification, assessmentand measurement of risks as well as risk controls.
Such amount of loan which has been provided by the bank to countries where risk is high.
A school up to 10th class.
Transactions of sale when taking place in open seas not within any country 's jurisdiction.
A plan of tariff envisaging high rate.
When tax levied is of high order / for upward.
It is a device (1ml Microreactor Chip) which enables rapid amalgamation of fluid streams.
Obstructions in the easy flow of trade which are more than the normal.
Such deposit accounts where large amount of deposits are kept.
The highest level of water in a dam or river etc.
Which is main public road.
A department looking after highway.
Which are main public roads.
Seeds which are of improved quality and give better yield than the normal.
Such varieties of plants which give more yield.
A naturally raised part of land / earth.
Allowance payable to employees working in hilly areas.
A town in hills.
Where people go for holidaying to escape from hot weather.
A mark formed on the seed when it is seperated from the place it is attached to the plant.
The first part of the food or digestive tract.
A scheme formulated for teaching writing and reading Hindi.
Which is translated in Hindi.
Translated from another language in Hindi.
An HUF that assists of all the male descedents from a common ancestor.
A joint which can move only in one plane.
The lateral prominence of the pelvis from the waist to the thigh.
The lateral prominence of the pelvis from the waist to the thigh.
The process of bathing in a sitting position wherein the buttocks and hips are immersed in a bathtub.
One of the two large flat bones that constitutes the lateral half of the pelvis.
Payment for hiring.
Use of something on payment.
Payment made to a person for hiring his property for a stated length of time.
A method of purchasing goods by making payments on instalments. The ownership of goods transfer to the purchaser when all the stated instalments are paid.
Assets which have been acquired on hire - purchaase basis.
A register maintained on daily basis to record translation relating to hire purchase.
Finance provided for purchase of consumer goods or industrial equipments on hire purchase / credit sales agreements.
Interest account relating to hire purchase.
A ledger kept for hire - purchase transactions.
A memorandum (a note) on accounts relating to hire purchase.
Payments made in connection with hire purchase.
Account maintained for sales on hire purchase.
Account maintained for sale of goods on hire purchase basis.
List of items on sale on hire purchase basis.
The account of trading that shows how the gross profit or loss has been calculated under hire purchases head.
The person to whom goods have been hired under the hire purchase arrangement.
To employ someone.
To employ and to dismiss people.
These are the parasites of plants growing in water.
An abnormal condition where a female has excessive hair over her body.
A type of protein which is found in the nucleus.
A study carried out on effected or abnormal tissues.
When value of an asset is shown in books at its original cost or at the cost of acquisition.
The events that have happened in the past (in a country).
An account of past events in the life of a person, nation, organization, etc.
A detailed account of a person 's health, which includes his / her disease, symptoms, treatment underwent, etc.
A detailed account of a person 's health, which includes his / her disease, symptoms, treatment underwent, etc.
A detailed account of a person 's previous illness.
An account of the patient 's present illness.
Account of employee about his performance in the job.
A sheet containing details of past life of a person.
A sheet containing details of past life of a person.
The process of taking the medical history of a person.
A group of worm which is a plant parasite
A request to a web server from a web browser or other client. The term is also used when we press and release a key on the keyboard.
This is the fraction of all memory reads which are satisfied from the cache. A cache is a small fast memory holding recently accessed data, designed to speed up subsequent access to the same data.
It is the chief measurement of a cache, which is the percentage of all accessed data in the cache.
When bid is declared to have been accepted.
Collecting in large quantity than required.
The practice of accumulating goods and selling them on a price more than the normal.
When people are saving by hoarding money which is a symptom of excess demand of saving over demand of consumption.
A condition of having husky voice due to weakness of intensity of vocal tone and excessive breathiness.
A large barrel.
When the business is in brisk mode.
The amount of pay which has not been released.
Where the value for acquiring an instrument has been given at any time the holder of such instrument / or subsequent holder is holder for value.
A person is called "holder in due course" when he acquires the instrument in a horified manner and for consideration - and posses good title.
Any person who is entitled in his own name to the possession of the bill and to receive or recover the amount due thereon from the parties thereto.
A person who has received a cheque in a bonafide manner, and is entitled to receive its payment.
A person who obtains possession of an instrument by legal means is a holder.
A person entitled in his name to the possession of cheque and receive the amount due thereon from the parties therefo.
Such right of the holder of the security which one can exercise against the other parties.
A part which is used by the plant to anchor itself to the surface in water.
To remain valid.
To be applicable.
Something owned or possessed.
Something which is owned or possessed.
Piece of agriculture land on lease or rent.
The value of property or stocks etc. which one possess.
The ability to hold or contain.
A company that holds more than 50% of its equity capital or controls composition of board of directors of another company.
To make efforts to contain the falling market.
Person working on a lasting post.
To be in a position to intervene or resolve a matter decisively.
One who is in a position to resolve the matter.
To contain the price level in general not allowing price increase.
To put in a particular position.
To postpone.
It is a removable storage medium like Universal Serial Bus (USB).
A day of rest (from work).
Right of a person to get holiday.
A place where one can enjoy holiday.
Pay for holiday time.
Where people go for recreation during holiday time.
To treat something in totality and not a part of it.
To treat something in totality and not a part of it.
The presence of yolk quantity in an egg.
A gland which secretes fine particles of its cells.
A rich healthy medium.
Is a type where grem cells are lined on the testis wall of worms.
Which has been written by a person in his own handwriting.
A muscle of worms which is divided along the length into two parts or is continous.
A specimen which resembles the original descriptive species.
An acrimonious dispute conducted on a public electronic forum such as Usenet
Express respect and honour for someone.
A place where one lives.
A place where a person resides or lives.
That may exist between one 's home country and country of business operations abroad.
Which is used or meant for consumption at home / within the country.
It is a file system directory which contains the personal files of a user of the system.
District where one 's home is situated or where one lives.
Industrial activity run from home.
Right of conveyance for travelling home on holiday.
Loan which has been disbursed / obtained for acquiring a dwelling unit.
Market within the confines of a country.
The process of maintaining internal equilibrium by a living system by adjusting its physiological processes.
The process of maintaining internal equilibrium by a living system by adjusting its physiological processes.
An ability of organisms by which they adapt to their body conditions.
Hibernate a term that offers an option to some computer windows which combines the benefits of step mode and powering down the computer.
A town of one 's birth or fixed residence.
The trading activities which takes place within the country.
Facility granted to employees for travelling home.
Killing of a human being by another.
An act of killing of a human being by another.
An act of killing of a human being by another.
A flower which has same appearing sepals and petals.
Characteristics of the cells present are the same.
Having only one type of flower in a particular plant.
The growth of pistil and stamen takes place simultaneously.
Exhibiting homogamous property.
This term is used for all substances of the same or similar kind or nature in the world.
A coordinate system with an extra dimension is called a homogeneous coordinate system.
A layer which has a consistent composition.
Something which is similar in kind and nature.
Similar in structure, relation and origin.
A chromosome having similar gene composition.
Something which is homologous with respect to another.
Homomorphism is a method to solve problems which used in algorithmic group operations.
A particular word which has the same spelling but having different meanings.
Of or relating to sexual desire of a person to a person of his / her own sex.
A plant which produces spores of the same size and kind.
A organisms producing only one kind of spores.
Having more than one copy of genes corresponding to a particular characteristic.
Of or having identical pair of genes for any given pair of heriditary charecteristics.
A more than 1 pair of genes corresponding to a particular characteristic.
One who is truthful.
This is a theory related with the communicative behavior of autonomous agents is guided by the principle of economic rationality.
Fruit nectar collected by noney bees and stored in their nests.
An insect belonging to bee species and is known for collecting nectar from flowers.
A honey like material secreted by insects onto plant leaves.
Coloured marks on the flower which indicate the insects about the presence of nectar.
A membership (of an organisation) given as honour.
Sum of money offered voluntarily for rendering service.
Holding an unpaid position.
Degree conferrred as honour without usual requirment.
Secretary holding his position as honour.
Words expressed in honour.
A degree awarded without undergoing an examination etc.
Show of respect to someone.
The high respect - reputation that one enjoys in the society.
To respect or to accept pay when due.
To accept and pay when due (with reference to a bill).
To accept and pay when due (with reference to a bill).
Consistent with honour.
The words used for a person of high position.
To make payment for the cheque.
A good name or respect.
A distinct degree in education.
A instrument used to handle tissues.
A blood sucking parasitic worm which enters the body through feet and resides in the intestine, it has a hook like mouth which helps it attch to the intestine wall.
A blood sucking parasitic nematode of human intestine.
This is a point - to - point transmission in a series required to get a message from point A to point B on a store and forward network.
This word is used for mentoining the number of signal regenerating devices.
Plant parasitic worms which are large and found in earth soil.
Family of plant Pathogenic worms.
The practice of growing fruits, vegetables, flowers etc.
The science relating to growing fruits, flowers, vegetables etc.
Of or being in a supine or prone position.
The act of combining into one of two or more entities of the similar status / nature.
Which relates to the people of same status.
The mutual relationship or connection between two or more entities of similar status.
System of filing papers where papers are parallel to the ground.
This is the condition of a file that is broken up and stored in many different locations on a magnetic disk.
It is a page layout that flows with the horizontal width of the browser window.
An amalgamation of two or more businesses of the similar status / nature.
When the workforce move to other similar type of organisation.
Term used in agriculture to talk about the resistance of plant varities to a particular pathogens.
A substance, usually a peptide or steroid, secreted by the endocrine glands.
A component which is responsible for the growth and development of plants and insects.
An open - ended waveguide, of increasing cross - sectional area, which radiates directly in a desired direction.
The surgical procedure of suturing a hernia.
Worms belonging to the strongylidae family and parasitic in horse gastrointestinal tract.
The science or art of cultivating fruits, vegetables, flowers etc.
The place where a person is treated for his / her illness or sickness.
The place where a person is treated for his / her illness or sickness.
Of or relationg to the period of a person 's stay in a hospital.
Assistance provided for welcoming and entertaining guests.
Leave for treatment in hospital.
An individual into which a tissue or part is transplanted from another.
A living animal or plant on or in which a parasite lives.
A plant in which lives a parasite.
An Internet Protocol address which uniquely identifies a node on an internet.
The computer bus which connects the main memory to the memory controller in computer systems. Also called the frontside bus, system bus, local bus, or memory bus.
This is the original Operating System installed on a computer.
The change of the host by the parasite.
The process by which the parasite leaves the host.
Of or referring to the traits of an individual person or animal that affect susceptibility to disease, especially in comparison to other individuals.
Unfriendly and ready to argue.
Opposing a plan strongly.
Showing enmity.
A System Query Language (SQL), which is used in the host operating system.
A unique name used to identify a particular host in World Wide Web, e - mail or Usenet.
This is the original Operating System installed on a computer.
Of or referring to the relationship between a parasite and its host.
Plant acting as a source of food for other plants and insects.
The resistance offered by the plants against the parasites.
The central computer in a hierarchical distributed processing system.
A population of organisms living in a particular locality and having distinct preference of host.
The total number of plants which can be infected by pathogens.
The characteristics which are checked upon by the parasite before selecting it as a host.
This is one of the early Internet search engines and was launched in May 1996 as a service of Wired Magazine.
The credit card which has been used in a fraudulent way.
A hot guaze or thickly folded hot cloth applied to an area to reduce pain or inflammation.
Such type of deposits which are withdrawn or moved quickly.
This is a backup facility used in data loss prevention and data recovery.
This is a modular, extensible World - Wide Web browser from Sun Microsystems which can execute programs written in the Java programming language.
It is a key or a combination of keys on a computer keyboard which performs a task more quickly than by using a mouse.
A list of borrowers who have not paid their dues on time.
Such funds or money which take advantage of interest differential and flow out as quickly as it come in.
It is a backup performed on data which is actively accessible to the users.
The type of skilled worker / labour who is much sought after by the employers.
A treatment carried out on something inorder to free it from pathogens by boiling it in water.
This is a name of the famous discount travel website.
The period of time during which transaction take place.
Bills issued by approved cargo agents to individual exporters on the basis of Master Air Way Bill issued by the Airways company to them.
A bill drawn by a company or firm upon itself.
Occupants of a house living as one unit of family.
That relates to house and its affairs.
That relates to house and its affairs.
The goods / articles of consumption which are required for a family for use.
The process of management / generation of money and resources of country 's economy.
The different articles of use which are required for living in a family.
Goods required for running a household - the essentials of house life.
An allowance granted to employees as family allowance.
Sector that includes entire wants and needs satisfying population of the country.
The maintenance of internal accounts / records etc.
The management of household affairs - cleaning etc.
Limits or band that has been prescribed for a foreign exchange trader for different purposes.
The amount of money which is used in managing trade.
An unsecured obligation (promissory note) issued by large corporations / banks for raising funds from the local market.
An allowance paid to employees as rent for housing accomodation.
An allowance paid to employees as rent for housing accomodation.
The work that relates to starting formalities in construction of a house.
The act of selling goods to each house by visiting.
An organisations entrusted with the work of planning, constructing all making available dwelling units to citizens.
When house construction activities are at their peak.
When house construction activities are at their peak.
A set of buildings at one place.
Financial facilities available for the purpose of housing.
Loan provided for acquiring dwelling units.
A body of householders organised to manage the housing complex.
On a network host acts as a server for other computers.
Angry protest for something.
The insurance taken for main body of the ship.
Of or relating to the species Homo sapiens or a man.
The fluid that circulates in the principal vascular system of human beings consisting of plasma in which the red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets are suspended.
Assessment of contribution of persons employed on a venture in monetary terms.
The benevolent aspects of treating the labour.
A modified formulation of cow milk, the fat ratio of which closely mimics human milk.
The skills and duties of people working in the organisation which are available.
Managing skills and abilities of the people in an organisation in productive manner.
Rights of people to be treated in fair, equal and dignified manner.
The long bone of the upper arm extending between the shoulder and the elbow
The amount or degree of moisture in the air.
Organism which consumes humus as its food.
A type of mass payment.
Organic matter which is present along with the soil.
It is an indigenous Negotiable Instrument written in vernacular language and is like a bill of exchange in form and substance.
Of or relating to the compelling need or desire for food.
Of or relating to the compelling need or desire for food.
Bonds which carry high risk of volatility like a hurricane.
Of or relating to injuring a body part.
very severe or painful physical damage
Of or relating to injuring a body part.
The process of managing (resources) thriftily or economically.
The process of farming (agriculture or animals etc.).
An offspring of two animals or plants of different races, breeds, varieties, species, or genera.
Seeds which are made by mixing different species or varieties.
The loan component which consists of a variety of financial / lending products / facilities.
The loan component which consists of a variety of financial / lending products / facilities.
The process of breeding different species inorder to produce hybrid varities.
Underdeveloped reproductive organ in hybrid varities.
The capital which consists of or comes from a mixture of two or more sources.
Condition where the characteristics of hybrid plants is better than its parent plant.
The characteristics of hybrid plants is better than its parent.
Pores which are present on the plant leaf which gives out water.
A condition where in abundant amount of amniotic fluid is present.
A disease condition where excessive amounts of serous fluid is accumulated in a body cavity, especially scrotum of the testis of males.
A pathological condition of accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid in abundant quantity around the brain causing enlargement of skull and brain atrophy.
Seperation of compounds after addition of water.
Accumulation of urine in kidneys due to an obstruction to the urine outflow.
An abnormal condition where an individual is scared of water.
An abnormal condition where an individual is scared of water.
A plnt which requires a lot of water for survival.
A disease condition where excessive amounts of serous fluid is accumulated in the pleural cavities.
A device used to spray fungicide and insecticide on plants.
The science relating to health matters.
The practice of keeping clean - sanitation.
Health and its maintenance.
A branch of science that deals with the promotion and preservation of health.
The conditions and practices that serve to promote or preserve health, as those followed for personal hygiene.
A thin mucous membrane that partially or completely covers the external vaginal orifice.
A layer of cells which is responsible for spore production.
A group of insects which have 2 pair of wings.
Of or relating to a bone that supports the muscles of tongue.
An anaemic condition characterized by an increase of hemoglobin in individual red blood cells and reduction in the number of red blood cells.
An abnormal condition of stomach wherein excessive hydrochloric acid is secreted resulting in acidity of the stomach.
A condition referring to the presence of excess amount of blood in a body part.
A condition of abnormal increase in sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
A condition of excessive pain sensitivity in response to a stimulus.
An abnormal condition of having excess of cholesterol in the blood.
This is the sequel of the science fiction / horror movie Cube. Released in 2002.
An abnormal condition of excessive vomiting.
excessive vomiting in pregnancy
The stage of employment which is above normal.
The stage of inflation that has grown at a fast rate and is growing.
The market which is very large in size - more than the normal.
A process of development occuring in the larvae by itself seen in insects.
An abnormal condition of the eye in which vision is better for distant objects than for near objects.
A plant which survives as a parasite on other parasitic plants.
Abnormal growth of the cell numbers in normal tissue.
A condition of abnormally high fever.
A mechanism carried out by plants inorder to prevent the spread of infection.
A condition of having high sensitivity.
A immune response which tends to destroy ones own cells to prevent infection from growing.
A condition of having high or elevated blood pressure.
It is a hypertext document format used on the World - Wide Web containing cross - references or "links" which, with the aid of an interactive browser program, allow the reader to move easily from one document to another.
A disease condition wherein thyroid hormones are produced in excess.
A solution formed which has a better osmotic pressure comparatively.
An abnormal condition of excessive growth of an organ or tissue.
Of or relating to something that can induce sleep.
Of or relating to the layer just beneath the skin or epidermis.
A hollow needle used in medical syringes to inject fluids into the body or draw fluids from it.
This is a method of creating charge by the lender over the moveable assets of the borrower.
It is a suggested explanation for an observable phenomenon.
The current spot price / rate in foreign exchange which has been assumed.
An abnormal condition resulting from decreased oxygen supply to the body tissues.
Surgical excision or removal of uterus.
Of or relating to signs and symptoms of hysteria.
the branch of therapeutics that deals with remedies
used as a suffix denoting particular type of medical treatment or medical profession
used as a suffix meaning relating to particular type of medical treatment
Abnormal condition or disorder or illness induced by drugs or surgeries.
about or relating to inadvertent adverse effects or complications produced in a patient due to medical treatment or advice
a rarely used term for medical science
a prefix meaning a physician or a healer
the mode of application of medical treatment
A set of electronic components on a single unit. Also called "Chip", "Microcircuit", or "Microchip".
The solid form of water produced by freezing.
The solid form of water produced by freezing.
A water proof rubber bag contains ice
a thin watery or blood - tinged discharge from a wound
about or relating to a thin purulent discharge
about or relating to a thin acrid discharge from a wound
poisoning caused by consumption of stale, spoiled fish
a prefix that means fish
similar to fish
a branch of zoology that deals with study of fishes
a toxic condition produced by eating poisonous fish
an abnormal congenital skin condition characterized by thick, dry and scaly skin
of, about or relating to ichthyosis
an abnormal condition characterized by inflammation of the serous membrane covering the liver that results in its coating with a fibrous hyaline
pertaining to or caused by a seizure, stroke or headache
a prefix that means jaundice
a disease characterized by inflammation of the liver with marked jaundice
pertaining to or marked by jaundice
pertaining to or denoting yellowish colour
denoting yellowish colour, especially of the skin when it is affected by jaundice
a prefix that means jaundice
denoting a disease causing jaundice
producing icterus or jaundice
a disease characterized by inflammation of the liver with marked jaundice
Abnormal yellow coloration of white part of eye
Abnormal yellow coloration of the skin, eyes, nails
a form of anemia, primarily in young woman, marked by greenish - yellow discolouration of skin
Jaundice associated with high fever and delirium, seen in severe inflammation of the liver
the value that indicates the relative amount of bilirubin in serum or plasma, calculated with the help of a colorimeter
physiologic yellowing of the skin and other tissues of newborn infant
sudden attack, seizure or stroke
a form of heat stroke caused by overexposure to sunrays, marked by sudden prostration and collapse
A type of meta data container which is used to store information nearly an MP3 file within the audio file itself.
Mental impression on something.
Any mental image or concept.
a thought or concept
It is an encryption algorithm which was developed at ETH in Zurich, Switzerland.
Which is considered as standard.
anything that is supposed as a model of perfection
something that is considered as a standard or model of perfection
The method of dividing in many which is considered perfect or a standard.
A number used to measure a change which is perfect or a standard model.
An investment which is considered to be flawless or perfect.
Money / funds that can be raised at a small premium.
The output / production which meet the perfect standards.
The position of current spot rate in foreign exchange which is considered to be perfect.
The tax which is considered to be reasonable and suit most of the sections of the society.
process of formation of thoughts and ideas
of or relating to ideation
It is a standard electronic interface which is used between a computer motherboard 's data paths or bus and the computer' s disk storage devices.
An alike instance.
Cost of something which is exactly the same or similar to the one.
Two notes which are exactly same with no difference.
The products which are exactly the same with no visible difference.
Official complaint made in a formal way which looks alike.
Pay scales which are alike.
When the purpose for which the product is made can be identified / determined easily.
the process or act of identifying something or someone
the act of recognizing specific things or objects
Something which is found or identified.
To identify a person who is eligible to get loan based on certain norms.
To identify a person who is eligible to get loan based on certain norms.
The process of identifying areas which are potential for business development or branch opening.
The process of identifying areas which are potential for business development or branch opening.
An exercise taken up to identify the quantum of credit required and actually provided to find the gap for providing fresh credit in a given area.
Quality or condition of being something specific.
Sameness of thing or person
a set of characteristics or attributes of a person or thing by which it is recongnized
A condition of being same as described
Such a situation therein users have multiple identities and passwords across a variety of networks, applications, computers and / or computing devices.
a set of aims, ideas, or opinions of a person or a group about a particular topic
A mental retardation
a state of severe mental retardation
an abnormal condition in which speech of a person is severely distorted and unintellgible
about or relating to muscles only
relating to a disease or an abnormality having unknown cause
Unknown cause of disease
denoting a disorder or a disease of unknown cause
a disease occuring without any known cause
anaemia without any apparent cause
epilepsy without any known cause
a morbid condition produced without any apparent cause
about, relating to, or originating in the brain or mind alone
structural or behavioral pecularities of a person or a group of persons
A foolish or stupid person
an individual with severe mental retardation
a condition of severe mental retardation
pertaining to ventricles of heart alone
The balance of funds which are available but uninvested.
That portion of the production etc. capacity which is installed but not being used or operative in full.
Deposits which are lying in an account where they do not earn anything.
Facilities which have been created but are not being made use of.
Funds which are available but are not invested.
Funds which are available but are not invested.
Resources which are available but not being used.
A standard data format for electronic data interchange between application programs written for the popular SAP business system or between an SAP application and an external program.
A physical characteristic of a person
the process of sweat production and its excretion
A protocol which facilitate a device, part of a multifunction peripheral (MFP) to send and receive multiple data packets simultaneously across a single physical channel to other devices on the multifunction peripheral (MFP).
A prevalent standard for connecting a computer to a printer or certain other devices over a parallel physical and electrical interface.
It is the most widely used World Wide Web browser which is bundled with the Microsoft Windows operating system and can also be downloaded from Microsoft 's Web site.
It is an emerging standard for extending Fibre Channel storage networks across the Internet.
It is an exploit in which malicious coding is hidden beneath apparently legitimate buttons or other clickable content on a website.
A type of Internet protocol which provides a way for an Internet computer to report its multicast group membership.
of, pertaining to, or resembling fire
surgical closing of a break in the retina due to retinal separation by cautery
burn, fire, or spark
Book of knowledge of law.
To take no notice.
Such a protocol which is used for exchanging routing information between gateways within an autonomous network.
It is an enhanced network protocol which facilitates routers exchange information more efficiently in comparision to earlier network protocols.
A digital circuit composed of bipolar transistors that is known for its very fast switching speeds. Also known as merged - transistor logic.
A group of Internet servers which includes a Web or Hypertext Transfer Protocol server and a File Transfer Protocol server alongwith Microsoft 's Windows NT and Windows 2000 Server operating systems' additional capabilities.
It is an Internet Protocol Security standard protocol which is used to ensure security for virtual private network (VPN) negotiation and remote host or network access.
of, about, or relating to ileum
a process involving surgical removal of the ileum
inflammation of the ileum which is the distal portion of the small intestine
a prefix that means ileum
of, about, or relating to ileum and caecum
a small sphincter muscle located at the junction of ileum and large intestine
a surgical procedure involving construction of an opening between ileum and caecum
of, about, or relating to ileum and colon
inflammation of the ileum and colon
a surgical procedure of construction of passage or opening between ileum and colon
surgical repair of the urinary bladder wall by using an isolated segment of ileum
a surgical procedure of construction of passage or opening between two segments of the ileum
a surgical procedure of fixation of ileum
a surgical procedure of formation of a passage or opening between ileum and rectum.
a surgical procedure involving suturing of the ileum
formation of an opening or passage between the ileum and sigmoid colon by surgical method
surgical formation of an opening through the abdominal wall into the ileum, through which feces are excreted
An incision taken by the surgeon into the ileum
A last part of small intestine between jejunum and large inestine
The third and longest portion of the small intestine.
The terminal part of the small intestine extending from jejunum to caecum.
Obstruction of the bowel
Intestinal obstruction due to spastic contraction of a segment of the bowel.
Obstruction of the bowel due to paralysis of the bowel wall,
partial or complete intestinal obtstruction due to impaired peristalsis caused by nonmechanical causes
of or relating to the bone ilium
the long thickened upper border of the ilium
an abnormal condition due to obstruction in the alimentary canal, marked by sharp abodminal pain, vomiting, and inability to pass wind or feces
the lower lateral part of the abdomen on either side of the pubic area
a prefix that means ilium bone or flank
of or relating to the ilium and coccyx
of or relating to ilium and femur
ligament of hip joint that extends from ilium to femur
pertaining to the iliac region and groin
about or relating to the iliac region and lumbar region
used to denote a compound muscle formed from iliacus and psoas major muscles, that causes flexion of hip joint
a compound muscle consisting of iliacus and psoas major muscles, that flexes the hip joint
the strong lateral fibrous band of iliofemoral ligament that is attached at the upper part of intertrochanteric line on the femur
A broad, flat hip bone
the most superior of the three bones of the pelvis that form the hip bone by fusion
Physically or mentally not fit
sick or not healthy
Such residents of other countries who do not have valid permission to stay in the country.
The payment for services etc. which has not been earned in a legal manner.
To go to another country to settle in an illegal manner.
Those migrants who have entered the country in violation of law.
A quantity of pesticides which is beyound its permisible limit.
Stike which is prohibited by law.
Not sanctioned by law
Invalid or ilegal
Sense of hatred.
Which is unlawful and prohibited.
Which is not as per law.
To acquire something unlawfully.
about or relating to ilium and pubis
pertaining to ilium and tibia
Such assets which are not easily convertible to cash.
The state of being illiquid - i. e. not easily converted to cash.
The state of not able to read or write.
Having bad manners not polite.
Unpleasantness of the body
a disorder of structure or function of any part of body, organ or system
Which is not logical or sensible.
Dealt with in a crual / bad manner.
Lighting effects
the lighting up of a body part, generally for inspection
False perception
a wrong interpretation of sensory stimulus, usually visual or auditory
pertaining to illusion
Presented with pictures / diagram etc.
Presented with examples.
act of smearing the body parts with mud
Strong disliking or unfriendly feeling.
A low - cost version of Apple Computer 's Macintosh which was designed to attract people who have never owned a personal computer and also to win back former Macintosh users who have moved to personal computer.
To represent symbolically
the picture or representation of body parts or organs producing by imaging methods such as x - ray
existing in or created by only imagination
making of a mental image of something that is not real or cannot be perceived by senses
the last stage of development of an insect
An insect in its fully developed stage i. e Adult insect.
Lack of equality
lack of equilibrium or balance, as in function or distribution
A mentally deficient person
a mentally retarded person
A state of being imbecile
the condition of being an imbecile
the process of absorption of a fluid by a solid or colloid substance resulting in its swelling
The process by which water is absorbed by a substance such as wood and thus gets swells.
overlapping in a regular pattern like shingles or tiles or fish scales
It is a practice to exchange of text messages through a software application in real - time.
An act
Lack of complete growth
Something which is fully grown or developed.
an incomplete opacity of the lens of eye
A growth stage which denotes partial development.
Which is occurring or done at once without delay.
Coming immediately before.
Year gone before the present one.
Such measures or actions which are required to be initiated instantly.
Officer who is next to or very near.
Parties which are closely connected with the matter.
Officer who is just above someone in the rank.
The quality of being useful instantly.
The placing of a object under water or other liquid.
a process of plunging of a body part or whole body into a liquid
People who have come from abroad to live permanently in another country.
To enter and usually become established
An act by which certain living organisms move to another place.
Laws formulated for persons immigration from one country to another to settle.
Rules or system that limits or controls the process of immigration.
Service provided in immigration matters.
Something which will cause harm or damage living organisms.
denoting substances that are unable of being mixed with each other
To make or keep deposits immovable.
inability to move a body part
The state of immovableness of labour - when labour is not subject to change.
To make immovable
the process of making something immovable
to make something or someone immovable
One that can not move
a joint at which no movement of bones occur
Property which is fixed and of permanent nature with which business is carried on and is not meant for sale.
Asset that cannot be moved - or which is of fixed nature.
relating to or having resistance to a particular infection
Something which has the capacity to fight diseases.
A method of protein seperation using electrophoresis and antibodies reaction.
producing immunity, referring to diseases
the process by which a person becomes immune to a specifc infection
Exemption from something.
Protection against infection.
The quality of being immune.
property of resistance of an organism to an infection or a disease
Capability to resist the disease
When exemption is granted from payment of tax.
Protection of a human from communicable diseases
to make someone immune to an infection
a prefix that means immunity or immune
a lymphocyte activated by an antigen
a white blood cell that is able to produce antibodies or become activated in cell - mediated immunity
disorder of the immune system characterized by lack of normal immune response to an infection
any substance that produces an immune response when introduced into the body
denoting a substance capable of producing an immune response
the property of a particular substance to produce an immunce response
lack of immune response to a particular antigen
a specialist person in the branch of immunology
The science which deals with study of immune system.
Study of the structure and function of the immune system.
a branch of science that deals with the study of immune system
an agent that reduces or prevents the immune response
prevention or suppression of immune response
preventive treatment
Treament of protection against disease
treatment of diseases by enhancing or reducing immune response
transfusion of blood from a person who has previously been immunized to a disease affecting the recipient
fixed or wedged in such a way so as to block a passage or an organ
a bone fracture in which one of the fragments is driven and fixed into another fragment
lodgement of something
fixation or wedging of something in such a way so as to block a passag or an organ
The burden of tax which is required to be borne.
A printer which prints using mechanical impact by that it hits the character image.
Loans which are not giving any income and diminished in quality.
Risk which is not normal and its value has diminished.
Investment, which is not giving any income or desired level of income.
not detectable by palpation
of, relating to, or being an antomical structure that is unpaired
Free from partiality.
A large piece of landed property which cannot be divided.
Incapable of being
denoting a person lacking patience and becoming restless
Charging a public official with misconduct.
The security which is free from defect or faultless.
Confinement of a tooth in the alveolus
hindrance or opposition to a flow
This is the ratio of the maximum voltage in an alternating - current circuit to the maximum current.
Bonds which are about to happen (paying them is imminent).
BASIC, C, FORTRAN and Pascal are Imperative languages.
denoting something that is incomplete or defective
Competition which is not based on logic or governed by rules.
A flower showing the absence of pistils or stamens ie has either male or female parts.
A note which contains some defect and not perfect.
A situation of limited competition between a small group of sellers or producers which is not complete.
Having no opening
characterized by absence of normal opening
congenital absence of anal opening
Hymen in which there is no opening
an abnormal condition of being closed or occluded
a stricture in a passage that is causing its obstruction
Referred in banking parlance as a nominal account.
An account book (ledger) where impersonal accounts are recorded / posted.
Unable to penetrate
denothing a structure that is not allowing passage of substances through it
of, about, pertaining to, or resembling impetigo
an acute contagious disease of skin caused by staphylococcus or streptococcus, and marked by vesicles, pustules and yellowish crusts
a contagious skin infection caused by streptococcus or staphyloccus, and characterized by formation of vesicles, pustules and yellowish crusts
a rare pyoderma affecting some women in second half of pregnancy, marked by pustular lesions and associated with severe constitutional symptoms
a staphylococcal or streptococcal skin infection in infants appearing soon after birth that is marked by widely spread bullous lesions
reddish - pink or white nonitchy rashes on skin that occur in secondary syphilis
without a placenta
To graft or insert.
to insert or embed an object inside the body
something that is inserted or grafted into the tissues of the body
The process of tissue grafting
the natural of artificial process of grafting or inserting something into body tissues
A tool or an instrument.
To put into practice.
To put into practice.
The act of implementing or process of implementing.
To involve.
To involve in difficulty.
The authority which is not in expressed terms but understood / implied.
The item of cost that has not been detailed but is implied.
The factor which is inherent not express that reduces inflated price.
The amount of rent that is suggested or understood without being stated specifically.
An income that is being obtained but not expressed clearly.
Giving a meaning without expressing it.
unable to be assessed or evaluated precisely
Which is of great consequence.
The document (bill) that has been received for handling / dealing by the bank in respect of goods imported.
Completion of formalities and procedure before import goods are allowed to be landed in the country.
The details of foreign good which are being imported in the country.
A tax imposed on the imported goods which is generally based on the value of goods.
Coins which have been imported with no marks.
The oil (fuel) which is imported in raw / unrefined form.
Goods which have been imported from other countries in the country.
The set of machines or parts of machines which have been imported.
Articles accumulated for use for particular purpose, which have been imported.
There are accounts maintained under the scheme of incentives under import / export policy to neutralize the impact of basic custom duty on the import goods.
An individual or any other entity that purchases goods from foreign countries.
The intermediary who facilitates imports or act on behalf of others in importing of goods.
The country which is importing goods from other country.
The rate or process of importing goods for the purpose of exports.
A person or firm engaged in export of goods which are produced on the basis of imported good to a large extent.
This is a non - fund facility provided by banks to its customers who are engaged in import of goods.
To restrict or regulate the import of goods from abroad a licence is needed from the competent authority in the country of import.
A license granted for bringing in something from foreign country.
The list of goods / cargo that is being imported.
An intermediary who provides various services relating to imports.
When foreign nationals are involved in providing special knowledge / skills for doing some particular job.
This is a measure to limit / restrict the quantity of goods being imported into the country.
A licence which permits extent of import replenishment against each product.
A step taken by government to restrict entry of certain type of goods into the country.
Such industries which are producing goods which hitherto were / are being imported.
Such goods which can be used in place of imported goods.
The amount of goods imported which is in excess of what is required.
The amount of duty to be paid on imports.
The tax that is imposed on import.
The process of exercising control over import trade.
It is an event x with a probability of zero in probability theory of mathematics.
The amount of tax or levy which is imposed on entry of goods.
unable to errect the penis
inability of a male to develop and to maintain an erection of penis sufficient for sexual intercourse
a male who is unable to achieve and maintain penile erection and to perform sexual intercourse
The amount of cash - balance which has been seized and taken into custody.
To collect and confine in
to make someone pregnant
When an impression of the seal etc. is created on a document / paper by pressing it between two dies.
Finger print
Which is impressing mind.
A loan or an advance for carrying on day - to - day petty expenses.
An account that relates to petty amount given from time to time.
The fixed sum of money advanced to a person for use in day - to - day business.
The amount of cash that has been received as imprest.
The person who has been granted imprest and managing it.
The licence granted in advance for duty free import of inputs required for manufacturing of goods to be exported / supplied to the ultimate exporter holding a licence.
Amount of money made available as imprest.
In book - keeping / accounting a system of providing a fixed sum in advance to someone to carry on day - to - day essential services.
Depression made by pressure.
A mark
to fix permanently in the memory or mind
Which is not consistent with accepted norms.
To make better.
To enhance the quality.
When supply of something (commodity etc.) is showing improvement.
Seeds which are of improved variety and give better yield.
Person who improves.
a child who is more than seven years old but who has not attained puberty yet
an uncontrollable urge to perform a specific act
relating to or resulting from an impulse
a mental illness characterized by an abnormal and uncontrollable desire to perform a particular act without considering its consequences
Purchase which have been made suddenly without considering their end results.
Bad quality
This is a visualization technique which perceives the degree of impurity of the data.
Not having good quality
the state of being contaminated or impure
To make responsible for something undesirable.
To say that someone is responsible for something happened.
The cost which is not desirable but has been thrust upon.
Something that has been suspended for sometime.
When things are viewed in perfect and self existent and in relation to something else.
This term is used to mention the that situation when device does not perform an action.
to abolish the activity of something
Process of making inactive
the act or process of destroying the activity of something or someone
Not active or working
When the balance lying in an account is idle - no transaction are taking place.
The amount of money which is not being used productively.
When a node only has exclusive access to the medium while it is sending a packet then this term is being used.
A security which is not being traded frequently.
the state or property of being inactive or nonfunctional
state of being inadequate or deficient
Something which is presented before a court to prove or disprove when not allowed / acceptable under law.
Not alive, dead
not having any signs of life
Severe weakness due to lack of food.
an exhausted condition of the body, usually due to prolonged starvation or undernutrition
Which seems clearly in good condition with desired qualities.
loss or lack of desire or appetite
Armed for war; in a state of hostility.
denoting words or speech produced without normal articulation of intelligible speech
not capable of being assimilated in the body
The act of opening some ceremony formally.
possessed by an organism since birth
The summary statement in respect of goods which are being received.
Organsims produced are identical as breeding is carried out within related plant species.
Breeding from closely releted people or animal or engage in breeding
the method of mating closely related organisms
Mating of plants who are closely related.
A means of protection incorporated as part of the system.
To place in position a procedure / system within the organisation to ensure check / and control on transaction.
Where the person unconnected / unconcernced with the matter are not allowed to be present.
One who has been rendered incapable.
An insurance policy that provides benefits in the situation on being incapacitated.
An insurance policy that provides benefits in the situation on being incapacitated.
trapped or confined
a hernia that is occluded and that cannot be reduced by simple manipulation
incomplete separation and expulsion of the placenta after delivery of a child
abnormal confinement, retention, or trapping of a part within the body
unusual trapping or confinement of a part in the body
an individual showing a particular character to a marked degree
Where amount is to be paid in form of currency.
Something given (cash or kind) that encourage an effort.
Amount give to employees to encourage them for good work.
Something that encourages for producing more.
A policy of deciding wages that incites or encourages people to work.
Sex between very closely blood relatives especiallly between parents and children, brothers and sisters
sexual intercourse between individuals which are closely related by blood
An instrument which is not completed.
The rate of occurance of something
the rate of occurrence of a certain event, such as a disease
The frequency of new cases of a disease or condition occuring in a population.
The burden of payment of tax that one has to bear.
The burden of payment of tax that one has to bear.
Rules relating to the burden of occurance (expenditure etc.).
Event, happpening or occurance
Expenditure which is a small part in relation to the more important thing.
Expenditure which is occurring by chance but does not form the core expenditure.
An order which is happening with something else.
Pest that causes damage occasionaly although their impact can be severe.
Destruction by fire to form ashes
the process of burning something to ashes
Furnace or container for incinerating waste material.
A apparatus for burning substances
Beginning to exist
beginning to come into existence
early stage of the cataract where the lens is only slightly opaque
pertaining to the cutting edges of the incisors and canine teeth
to cut into with a knife or blade
something that is cut
A wound made by cutting the surface with sharp knife
a clean cut made by a sharp instrument
a wound made by a sharp object
A cut made by a knife, especially for surgical procedure.
a surgical cut or wound made by a sharp instrument
a hernia that occurs in an area of weakness caused by a surgical incision or its scar
incisor teeth
of or pertaining to incisor teeth
having the power of cutting
A front tooth typically for cutting
a tooth placed anteriorly in the mouth, usually doing cutting or gnawing
any of the four openings of incisive canals into the incisor fossa
Eight front cutting teeth, four in each jaw
teeth placed anteriorly in mouth, typically adapted for cutting
teeth that are located at the front in the mouth and usually meant for cutting food
a notch on any organ or body part
a deep notch present at the junction of oesophagus and stomach
An incision present in an organ.
tendeny toward a particular action, condition, or aspect
The act of including something in a larger group.
Reckoning in as part of a whole.
a temporary, nonliving constituent present in the cytoplasm of a cell
Being enclosed or included
One or several bodies present in the cell due to viral infection.
Which includes everything.
Charge which is part of the inclusiveness.
This is a dyadic operation in Boolean algebra which is combining two statements.
Which does not have consistency.
lacking cohesion, connection or harmony
a substance not capable of being burnt
The process of increase or addition in income.
The accounts connected with or concerning income.
The amount of income which has been earned but has not been received yet.
It is another form for the profit / loss account of a not trading concern the expenditure being shown in debit side and income on the credit side.
A hybrid type of debit security which promises interest only if a certain level of income is earned.
Groups of people when classified together under different categories according to their income level.
When the income fall short of what is projected or expected.
A study in accounting framework that relates to income approach to value.
A principle of economics that describes the factor income is the flow of revenue occurring to a person or a nation.
The phenomenon, that people are inclined to buy more of a product that comes cheap.
It measures the responsiveness of demand of goods to the change in the income of the people.
The way income is being received or stream of income.
The process of keeping income at a particular level by not allowing any increase.
Where chances of earning income are bright / possible.
The group of people categorised according to their income level.
The heads of broad groups of accounts / categories under which income has to be shown.
When the income does not return to its original level after being stretched or squeezed i. e. which is not flexible.
The income which has not been received in cash but in form of some article / kind.
The income which has actually been received has to be taken into account while calculating income by banks as suggested by RBI.
The details of income required to be filed before tax authorities in a prescribed format.
A graded classification system for income level.
The range of income within / between lower and upper end of a group.
A person who creates annuity for his benefit deposit a sum and payment of income tax on the income generated on this deposit is delayed till fiscal payment.
A certification by the income tax authorities that no tax is due.
The amount of income tax that is deducted by the paying agency / institution for deposit to government account.
The act of avoiding payment of income tax by cleverness that is required to be paid.
Additional charge required to be paid on the amount of income tax.
The relationship or proportion of income to assets.
A graphic expression that as prices rise for a fixed income the consumer seeks substitute for the expensive items.
It is the average frequency with which amount and money is spent in a specific period of time.
The call which is being received.
The cash which is being received from other places.
Mail (Letters etc.) which is being received.
The profits that are accruing.
Programmes for training etc. which have been organised internally by the company.
Inability to unite
the state of being unsuitable for combination or simultaneous administration with another substance
Being incompatible.
Which is not in harmony with the other.
unsuitable for combination or simultaneous administration with another substance
unsuitable for administration or combination due to immunological differences
Inability to perform a natural function
Unable to perform natural function
the state of being incapable of performing a function
An abortion in which part of the products of conception has been retained in the uterus.
an abortion in which some part of products of conception is retained in the uterus
digested or ripened imperfectly
being unsuitable and inappropriate
the quality of being unsuitable or in disharmony
Which is out * * * * *.
Which is absurd (contrary to common sense).
property of not being regular
The statements which state the facts differently for the same thing.
Inability to prevent the discharge of any of the excretions especially feces, urine or semen
lack of normal voluntary control of urination or defacecation
Something that causes problem or difficulty.
The paper currency / money which is legal tender of a country in the form of bank notes which cannot be converted.
The paper currency / money which is legal tender of a country in the form of bank notes which cannot be converted.
Inability to produce apropriate movements of the body
lack of coordination
Which has been incorporated.
Forming a legal corporation.
A company which has been registered under the Companies Act. And thereby has been granted a legal status.
union of a substance with others in a composite mass
Interests which are intangible in nature and attached to land.
Which is not correct or faulty.
Which is not in accordance with fact.
act of becoming thick or thicker
A ratio or share of something which has increased.
The cost in terms of money which has become greater or more.
The desire of purchases for a commodity which has become larger.
The extra cost to be incurred for increasing for output when showing an upward trend.
The yield or profit on investment etc. which is becoming larger.
Such type of insurance policy term of which is subject to increase.
When the condition of being useful is growing.
an addition or increase in something
When the proportion of production with reference to capital deployed is increasing.
The proportion of loan which is showing continuous increase.
Deposits of a bank which have gone up / crossed to an existing level.
The amount of income by which the existing amount of income increases.
A document which tend to indicate the guilt.
the process of formation of crusts on a surface
maintenance of suitable environment for a premature infant with controlled temperature, humdity and oxygen
development of an infection from the entry of pathogen in the body up to the appearance of symptoms
The time interval between exposure to infection up to appearance of the first symtom of disease
the period between entry of pathogen into the body and first appearance of symptoms
an enclosed apparatus for maintenance of an infant in a suitable environment with controlled temperature, oxygen and humidity
a nightmare
an evil male spirit who is supposed to have sexual intercourse with women as they sleep
about or pertaining to incus
the process involving surgical removal of the incus
Imposed as an obligation.
A burden or obligation.
Unable to be cured, denoting a disease or morbid process that is unresposivene to medical or surgical treatment
a disease that cannot be cured by any treatment
To bring upon oneself.
an inward bend or curvature
the middle of the three small bones in the middle ear
cyclotropia in which the upper pole of the eye is deviated medially
The state of being indebted / under loan obligation.
The fruit that does not open to disperse its seed.
The process of securing loss or damage.
The person who is being indemnified.
A person or entity who guarantees that in case of loss he will have the liability.
The protection against loss or damage.
An account relating to indemnity insurance.
An order or requisition for something.
A single item in the order of goods.
A section of an office which looks after work relating to indent.
A note regarding transfer of indent.
A written deed / document contract.
The day when India attained independence or a day celebrating the anniversary of national independence.
Non dependent on othe authority.
Random assortment of chromosomes into gametes during meiosis.
A note prepared independently and not based on another person 's opinion.
Variable whose value is being altered to bring a change in some condition. Also called manipulated variable.
daily
Explaining things with full description.
Pointer, the ratio of one part to the another taken as a standard.
An alphabetical list of a subjects in a book.
the numerical ratio of one value to another
the finger of the human hand near the thumb
A mistake occurring at the beginning.
second finger of human hand near thumb
A measurement of change in prices.
A base adopted for compiling the index number.
The list showing profit items.
a number for a material indicating the amount of bending of light while passing through that material
A list or table of contents that shows details of transfer entries
A slip that contains the number in catalogue.
An allowance admissible to Indian Army Personnel.
A crop of family Poaceae having a jointed, solid stem and bearing the grain, seeds, or kernels on large ears.
The system of management and development of resources of the country (India) or the wealth and resourses of india.
any plant of genus Cannabis which is used as a source of several narcotic drugs like bhang, hashish
a plant of the genus Cannabis, the dried leaves and flowers of which are used for producing euphoria and relaxation
A instrument in different denomination issued by Indian Post offices for remitting money.
The body of waters that is within Indian territory.
Something that point out.
To make know or act of indicating.
a sign or mark
a sign or mark
Something that point out that things are moving at lower side than before.
Something that point out that things are moving at lower side than before.
A thing or person that indicates.
something that points to or reveals
something that indicates or shows
something that shows or indicates
Any biological species that allows assessing of environmental condition.
daily
Who does not show any interest.
The bending - line that particularly does not move.
The bending - line that particularly does not move.
neutral or not active
neutral or not active
without a particular structure and function, especially referring to cells
a substance that cannot undergo diffusion
naturally occurring in a specific region
Native to a land or region.
Which are undertaking banking activity in a local area.
Demand which originates naturally in a local area.
Such machines which have been developed made within the country.
a substance that cannot be digested or broken down in digestive tract
a substance that cannot be digested or broken down in the alimentary tract
failure of proper digestion of food, characterized by a variety of symptoms such as hearburn, nausea, etc.
a feeling of anger caused by something unfair, unjust, or mean
a blue dye derived from plant Indigofera tinctoria
Plant of family Fabaceae and is a original source of indigo dye.
acting through an intermediate substance or entity
not having direct or apparent relation
An address in a computer instruction that indicates a location where the address of the referenced operand is to be found. Also known as multilevel address.
Compensation which is not made available directly.
This is the use of incorrect information to damage the credibility of target resources.
Expenses which are not resulting directly and are of secondary nature.
The finance which is not provided directly to the beneficiary but it benefits them.
a fracture occurring at a site away from the primary area of impact
An account book (ledger) where details of indirect obligation (liability) are recorded.
Loan which is not disbursed directly to the borrower.
The method of selling goods etc. which are not through direct methods.
This is a method to identify the message sources of an email address domain.
abnormal sounds originating from heart or blood vessels that cannot be heard directly
inspection of the interior of the eye with the help of an indirect ophthalmoscope
The production which may not be the main line of product but a by - product.
When value of local currency is quoted in terms of a foreign currency.
transfusion of blood that is stored in a suitable container after withdrawal from a person
Lack of submission to rules or authority.
Not using the power of taking decision carefully.
Not choosing carefully.
Not choosen carefully.
The amount of money which is granted as loan without proper selection of the loanee in an indirect manner.
That is not to be set aside.
absolutely essential
slightly sick or ill
a minor illness
Where there is no dispute.
Title that cannot be disputed.
Which is not clear and evident.
not clear
a silvery metal
Pertaining to one single person.
separate or distinct
Account which pertain to or peculiar to a person or persons.
Accounts which pertain to or peculiar to a person or persons.
This is a block of identifiers which is formed by concatenating a 24 - bit Organizationally Unique Identifier.
Inspection of an entity individually that has distinct character.
Which is separate and not in a group.
The maximum amount of loan which a borrower can avail.
The owner of a business or in other words the sole trader.
A special independent account for a retired person.
A running account which is in operation.
Variation between the individuals in the population.
This is a wave function which presents the systematic differences in the out - of plane and in - plane atoms and molecules.
slow growth or inactivity
growing or heeling slowly
slowly healing or growing
a chronic, painless ulcer that is healing very slowly or not healing at all
A patient who is being given treatment in the hospital premises.
the patient admitted in the hospital
The assistance which is provided within the group or country.
A bond which is fully backed or guaranteed.
Which is not done in one attempt or one go but at intervals.
abortion brought on intentionally by administration of medication or mechanical means
A method for elimination of minor pathogens and parasites in special environment condition.
a process of artificial stimulation of childbirth by medical or mechanical means
a process of childbirth which is artificially started
Mutation cause by exposing organism to agents in the environment.
An introduction of some one in a new job.
Ceremony in which some one is officially introduced into an organisation.
act of producing, initiating or causing to happen
causation or production of something
act of producing, initiating or causing to happen
An act of triggering any action.
A course for teaching / training for new entrants in an organisation.
artificial stimulation of childbirth in a woman
It is a method of proof in which a statement is proved correctly by one step in a process.
an agent that induces or produces something
a tissue secreting some chemicals that controls the growth and differentiation of cells in embryo
Two identical copies.
abnormally hardened
hardness or firmness, especially abnormal
hardness or firmness, especially abnormal
process of becoming hard or firm
of or pertaining to abnormal hardening of soft tissues
related to unusual hardening of soft tissues
Tissue membrane that covers the sorus of a fern.
A person who is owning or managing an industrial unit.
related to industry
Accident that occur in an industrial unit.
An area which has been declared an area where industries can be established.
The insurance relating to industrial activities.
A bank which specialises in industrial finance.
The ability to produce industrial unit.
The overall environment for undertaking industrial activities or which affects them.
A time of acute difficulty in industry sector.
The period when the demand for industrial goods is diminished.
When the industrial activities are pursued according to set rules.
A dispute covered under Industrial Disputes Act concerning the industry.
A course covering various aspects of engineering in industry.
An institution / organisation engaged in industrial activities.
An area earmarked for establishing industries.
The finance provided for pursuing industrial activities.
When industrial activities go up and down.
Pleasant and peaceful relationship in different segments of industry.
The measurement that is used to assess the trend in industrial production.
The damage done to the industrial sector.
The process of introducing / opening more and more industries.
To promote industrial activity.
The science and philosophy of law relating to industrial activities.
A policy framework that gives direction where industrial units may be established or located.
Temporary closing of a place of employment or suspension of work in an incidental unit.
A place where industrial goods are sold and bought in a large way.
To move from one industry to another.
The process of changing quickly the industrial employment.
Sole right of producing some industrial product.
The process of bringing up an industry.
An isolated area where industrial units are located.
An area or location where industries are concentrated.
Study of trends in industrial climate and it 's working.
The process of rebuilding or constructing the industries which have collapsed.
Process of industries getting better after a bad phase or sickness.
Relations between the workers and the owners in an industry.
Dealings (of the owners) with the working community.
Resources (various types) required for development of industries.
The process of complete change in industrial activities that has taken place.
Shares / securities of industrial units.
Such shares / stocks which have been issued / floated by companies engaged in industrial activities.
Such shares / stocks which have been issued / floated by companies engaged in industrial activities.
The state of being sick / not keeping well by an industry that means when accumulated losses have eroded entire net worth and company is incurring cash losses, generally.
Staff deployed in industrial units.
The process of industrialisation of the economy.
To bring into conformity the industries with certain accepted standards.
Training (skill development) covering various aspects of industrial activities.
A board of judicial officers appointed to adjudicate on matters relating to industry.
Disturbances or restlessness in the industrial units.
The users who belong to industrial community.
One who is hard working.
Units producing goods and service providers (as declared under law).
When industrial sector is contributing more in the process of growth.
substances causing intoxication, such as alcohol
an individual who is heavily drunk or is a chronic drinker
alcohol intoxication
intoxication, especially caused by alcohol
Not producing desired effect on people.
Which has failed to achieve desired results.
The balance that does not produce the intended results.
State of not working well or inefficiently.
One who is not capable of doing things well.
not having elasticity
The demand which is of inflexible nature.
The level of supply of a commodity which show an static trend.
The state of being ineligible.
One who does not qualify for some post or to do some work.
An unfair situation in the society where some group or individuals have less money or opportunities than others.
When benefits of development are not distributed fairly in different segments of the society.
An unfair situation where one group of people enjoy more facilities / opportunities than others.
a drug devoid of any pharmacologic or therapeautic effects
inactivity or sluggish action
inactivity or sluggishness, generally in motion or action
Sales which are resorted to in a disinclined manner.
the property of a body of being inactive or sluggish in action or motion
Costs which cannot be avoided.
Which are not even.
Which is certain to happen.
That cannot be avoided.
an abortion that is imminent and cannot be prevented, characterized by rupture of membranes with cervical dilatation
Losses which are certain and cannot be avoided.
Payment that is certain to be made.
Payment which are to be made and cannot be avoided.
Which is undesirable and not likely to achieve the results expected.
Who has no experience of working earlier.
at the point of dying
Something know to be true.
As a matter of fact.
early period of childhood, generally denoting first year of life
the early period of childhood, generally considered to be the first year of life
a child from birth up to age of one year
a child upto one year of age
the act of supplying food to an infant
any food, other than breastmilk, that is made for nutrition of infant
Act of killing an infant.
killing of an infant
related to infancy or infant
pertaining to an infant or infancy
a progressive liver disorder in which liver cells are damaged and replaced by fibrous tissue, affecting infants
any convulsion occurring during the period of infancy
a viral infection in children that affects nervous system causing acute flaccid paralysis and muscle weakness
a viral infection caused by poliovirus that mainly destroys motor neurons leading to weakness of muscles and acute paralysis, generally affecting children
an viral infection in children that affects nervous system causing acute flaccid paralysis and muscle weakness
a viral infection caused by poliovirus that mainly destroys motor neurons leading to weakness of muscles and acute paralysis, generally affecting children
the skull of an infant that is not totally developed
a uterus that has failed to achieve development as in adults
retention of childhood characters in adult life
a condition marked by persistent childish characters in adult life
a condition marked by persistent childish characters in adult life
Industry which is at the developing stage.
death rate of infants
number of deaths of infants in a given period per one thousand live births
localized area of tissue death caused by obstruction of the blood supply to that area
localized area of tissue death caused by obstruction of the blood supply to that area
process of localized tissue death produced by obstruction of the blood supply to that part
localized tissue death that is caused by obstruction of the blood supply to that part
to transmit a pathogen into the body
Process of communication of a disease.
The condition in which body is invaded by pathogenic microorganisms
The condition in which body is invaded by pathogenic microorganisms
The state of being infected by a pathogenic microorganism.
diseases caused by microorganisms which are capable of being transmitted
denoting diseases caused by microorganisms which are capable of being transmitted
a hospital where patients suffering from infectious diseases only are admitted and treated
referring to diseases that are capable of being transmitted and cuased by an infection
eczema which is supposed to be caused by microorganisms
inflammation of inner lining of the heart due to infection by microorganisms
Inflammation of the liver caused by infection by microorganisms
jaundice along with acute malaise, fever and abdominal pain which is produced by the members of the genus Leptospira
Larva stage that can cause infection.
a disease caused by an infection
the inability of a woman to conceive
Forming an estimation on the basis of available facts.
Drawing conclusions on the basis of know facts.
Considered lower on position (socially).
One who is lower inorder of position.
situated in a place closer to soles of the feet
located below or beneath
located below or beneath
Situated away from head or lower part of the body.
A feeling of not being good at work or of less skill than others.
the state of being or feeling inferior to others
intense feeling of being inferior to others
organ of less importance or value
a paired sinus of the dura mater which connects cavernous sinus with internal jugular vein
A scale which is lower than normal (pay etc.).
A cadre of service which is lower in order.
surgical formation of opening into the trachea through the neck and above the isthmus of thyroid
someone who is not able to produce offsprings
inability to produce offsprings
inability to produce offsprings
someone who is not able to produce offsprings
to invade and live as a parasite in or on the body of an organism
parasitic invasion of the body, as by helminths
living in or on the body as a parasite
the condition in which parasites invade the body causing harmful effects
parasitic invasion of the body, as by helminths
State of being overrun in numbers or quantities by pests.
Which is expressed in numbers.
anaesthesia produced locally by injection of anaesthetic drug
To secretly enter a place unlawfully.
the substance that penetrates other substance by passing through its pores
to penetrate a substance or a tissue with a liquid or a gas by passing through its pores
penetration of a tissue or a substance with a liquid or a gas by passing through its pores
The person who enters unlawfully and secretly.
immeasurably great or extensive
It denotes a set which is larger than any finite set in set theory.
having immeasurably small quantity or size
having weakness because of disease or old age
a place for the care and treatment of sick or injured persons
a place for the care and treatment of sick or injured persons
The quality of being infirm (due to old age etc.).
Lack of particular human ability.
bodily ailment produced by disease or old age
weakness produced by disease or old age
weakness produced by disease or old age
to cause inflammation in a body part
Which can start burning easily.
A store where inflamable material is kept.
reaction of body tissue to injury or infection, characterized by pain, swelling, heat, redness and loss of function
reaction of body tissue to injury or infection, characterized by pain, swelling, heat, redness and loss of function
any abnormal condition of the ear characterized by ear pain, swelling, heat, and redness
of or pertaining to inflammation
any of the pathological conditions of joints, muscles or tendons characterized by inflammation
Rates which are unreasonably high.
A situation where purchasing value of money comes down and price level increases.
A situation where purchasing value of money comes down and price level increases.
distension of of an organ or body part with a gas or fluid
distension of an organ by fluid or gas
Which causes inflation or that will lead to inflationary trend.
The factors which are pushing inflation.
Continuous upward or downward movement in prices.
Such steps which can provide relief from inflation that insulate the investor from a decline in real income.
When purchasing power is redistributed from those on fixed income.
When the quantity of money is increasing more rapidly than the output or production.
Showing profits more than the real level.
A degree to measure the speed of inflation.
an inward bending
The pattern in which flower or groups of flowers are arranged on the stem.
The process of funds flowing in.
One who has commanding effect on ohters.
a viral infection that mainly affects respiratory tract characterized by fatigue, fever, chills, bodyache, cough, sore throat etc.
a viral infection that mainly affects respiratory tract characterized by fatigue, fever, chills, bodyache, cough, sore throat etc.
of, about, or relating to influenza
an inward flow
Chemicals on which most organism depends for stimulus to learn about their biotic and abiotic environment.
Friendly way without being restricted by strict adherence of rules.
Education under ordinary situation with lot of choice.
The science relating to data processing and its retriveal.
Details that tell you about some event etc.
In Web site design, information architecture a site 's visual design and information finding scheme about all product information in modules related to customer tasks.
Information that lacks symmetry.
A small structure used for providing information.
A small structure used for providing information.
Office where information is stored for making it available to other.
Information privacy can be accessed only by the defined methods.
A network for collecting / providing information.
Use of electronic process for collecting, Storing and providing information.
Such type of services which are wholly or to a sizable extent are possible only with the help of information technology.
a globally recognized collection of best practices for information technology (IT) service management which has been established by the United Kingdom 's Central Computer and Telecommunications Agency (CCTA) in response to growing dependence on information
A piece of writing in a newspaper or magazine providing information about something.
An assessment which is based on full information or knowledge.
To provide information about something.
Customers having much knowledge.
a prefix that means below or beneath
situated below the axilla
below the heart
below or beneath the clavicle
below the ribs
a bone fracture without displacement of segments of bones
about or relating to region below hyoid bone
located below margin
pertaining to the lower jaw
a condition in which a tooth has failed to erupt fully to reach the line of occlusion and is not in contact with the opposing tooth
beneath or below the eye socket
a small orifice in the maxillary bone located just below the orbit that is a passage for infraorbital artery, nerve and vein
situated below the patella
referring to ideas or thoughts originating below the level of consciousness
denoting the part of electromagnetic spectrum having frequency just lower than the visible light
denoting the part of electromagnetic spectrum having frequency just lower than the visible light
a ray from the part of electromagnetic spectrum having frequency just lower than the visible light
Infrared transmission refers to energy in the region of the electromagnetic radiation spectrum at wavelengths longer than those of visible light, but shorter than those of radio waves.
denoting frequencies of sound waves that are below the normal human hearing
below or beneath the spinous process of scapula
Certain facilities which form basis of an enterprise and vital for their development / existence.
The sector which is engaged / responsible for providing basic facilities.
below or beneath the trochlea
Expenditure which does not bear fruits.
downward rotation of one eye
To do something against one 's right (legal).
Something which is violative of law.
The act of infringing.
Acting in defiance of rules.
That does not produce result.
about or pertaining to an infundibulum
of, about or relating to infundibulum
sugical removal of infundibulum of heart
Funnel like shape.
a fascia present on the spermatic cord
middle part of the posterior pituitary gland
a tumor of the infundibulum of hypophysis
a funnel - shaped anatomical structure or passage
introduction of a solution into the body through a vein for treatment
introduction of a liquid into the body through a vein for therapeutic purpose
having ability of being used for an infusion
slow introduction of a liquid other than blood into the body through a vein
slow introduction of a liquid other than blood into the body through a vein
The act of putting money in some venture / business etc.
The act of putting money in some venture / business etc.
the food taken into body through mouth
the process of taking food into body
the process of taking food into body
of, about or relating to ingestion
Which is in working condition.
A brick shaped piece of metal.
gradually increasing in severity
a component of any mixture or combination
a component of any mixture or combination
a condition in which one end of nail grows into nail fold producing pain
a condition in which one end of toenail grows into nail fold producing pain, redness, and swelling
the area of the inferior abdomen near the thighs
of or related to groin region
protrusion of the contents of abdominal cavity through the inguinal canal
drawing of air into the lungs
a therapeutic procedure which involves supply of accumulated oxygen for inhalation
inhalation of vapours
A severe neuromuscular disorder caused due to prolonged inhalation of a substance.
a device used for delivering medication into the body through inhalation
a medical device used for administration of drugs through inhalation
Which already exists as an attribute.
Which comes as natural and not created.
This term is used to mention the ambiguous spine grammar of an inherently ambiguous language.
To receive property etc. after some one 's death.
Phenotypic characters that are transmitted from parent to offspring.
The property which has been received in inheritance.
arrest or restriction of a process
A system that supresses the activity of other.
a substance that arrests or restricts a process
a substance that depresses or opposes an action
An agent that interfere or reduce the activity of other.
Left to the wisdom of a person to decide within prudent norms.
The sales which have been made in the domestic market.
This is an online course dealing with all aspects of a collections management software system.
Training organised internally without involving any outside agency etc.
Which is occuring at the beginning.
Account which is existing or occurring in the beginning.
Accounts which are kept at the begginning of a venture etc.
This is a part of Integrated Services Digital Network User Part (ISUP) call setup which is used for address transfer and routing information.
Allocation which is of preliminary nature.
The amount at the beginning.
Accounts of particular type of transactions recorded initiaaly in a ledger, the totals of which are transferred to a regular account later.
The amount of capital that has been contributed at the beginning.
Accounts relating to initial cash and stock.
The amount of deposit that is made at the beginning.
Reduction of value in the useful economic life of a fixed asset at a initial stage.
Expenses incurred in the beginning of a venture.
Initialization is the process of locating and using the defined values for variable data which computer program uses.
It is an arbitrary number which can be used along with a secret key for data encryption.
It is an arbitrary number which can be used along with a secret key for data encryption.
Pay at the initial level.
Initial phase of recruitment.
Examination conducted for recruitment which is of initial phase.
Mark or sign with one 's initials.
When rates in the market have gone up in the market at the start of transactions.
The earliest point in a process.
This is a method used in software discussion where nodes are expanded by default to link a page.
To make a beginning.
To be first one to take a step or action.
Ability to take lead.
This is a procedure which is used in system query language while sending messages and during conversions of texts.
to introduce a liquid into the body forcefully, usually with a hollow needle and syringe
a substance or medication injected into the body
process of Introduction of a liquid into the body forcefully, usually with a hollow needle and syringe
process of putting a liquid medication forcefully into body
enlargement of the small blood vessels near the cornea
This is a function in mathematics which is associated with distinct arguments and distinct values.
Purchases which are not sensible.
An order of the court which forbids some one to do something.
Do physical harm.
To cause loss or damage.
damage caused to the body by any trauma
Physical damage cause to the structure or function of a body due to any outside force.
Something good for those wound.
Which is in the form of some article and not in cash.
An ink soaked pad (cushion).
Within the interior part of the country.
Situated in the interior of the country.
A bill of exchange which has been drawn and payable in India.
Such bills of exchange which are drawn made payable in the country or drawn upon any person resident in India.
Represents the portfolio of inland bills against which advance has been allowed either against demand or usance bills.
Such documentary inland bills which are delivered on acceptance.
Amount charged for sending letters etc. by post within the country.
Trade which take place within the interior part of the country.
Allowing an advance against usance trade drawn and made payable in India.
Allowing an advance against inland demand trade bills drawn and made payable in India.
a passage or way leading into a body cavity
Which is provided as a substitutions of other thing.
A number that contain another number an exact number of times.
This is a form of language transformation code which generates a sequence of encoding symbols.
supply of nerves to a part of body
distribution of nerves to an organ or body part
not harmful or injurious
Where new methods / ideas have been introduced in conduct of banking business.
Special characteristics which introduces new processes for something.
Injection to promote immunity against a disease.
introduction of pathogens into the body to induce immunity
The introduction of an agent, pathogen, antigen, serum or vaccine into the body.
The introduction of a microorganism onto or into a culture media.
Time period a vector is allowed to spend in a host.
An attempt to control indigenous pests by releasing small numbers of natural enemies that colonize, reproduce, and spread throughout an area.
A substance or microorgaisms used for inoculation
A microorganism, vaccine, or other agent that is used in an inoculation.
not harmful or injurious for an individual
something having no odour
When one is acting in the capacity of a position he / she is holding.
When one is acting in the capacity of a position he / she is holding.
which cannot be corrected by surgery
a disease or disorder that cannot be corrected by surgery
Which is not in function.
An account where no transactions are taking effect for long.
introduction of ions of a medicine into the body tissues with the help of an electric current
Which exceeds reasonable time (limit).
not containing carbon in it
not containing carbon in it
a branch of chemistry that deals with study of inorganic compounds
microscopic examination of biologic substances, such as blood or sputum, after chemically digesting the fibers or fibrinous matter
formation of communicating channels between tubular organs that lie close to one another
It is short form used for iNotes Web Access which facilitates Lotus Domino users to access their Domino - based mail, calendar, schedule, to - do lists, contact lists, and notebooks from any computer, at any location till users have an Internet connection.
relating to or affecting the force of contraction of muscle, especially heart muscle
Equipment used for inspection.
inside a small bottle
Which is put into.
The act of arranging / classifying in a particular order based on what has been put in.
Application of scientific and mechanical knowledge giving emphasis to inputs.
An analysis to know the trend of material / resources fed and goods produced.
A detailed examination of what is put in and what is produced in a process.
The PCI and USB Input / output busses are commonly used in PCs.
In computing, input / output refers to the communication between an information processing system and the outside world, which might be a human, or another information processing system.
Input / Output Supervisor is a Microsoft Windows program which supervises the interaction between file system requests and events and input / output device drivers.
What is used for putting in or operated on by any process.
legal inquiry into the cause of death that was sudden, suspicious or violent
judicial investigation into the cause of a suspicious or violent death
judicial investigation into the cause of a suspicious or violent death
Going in search of something.
Questions which are asked to get information.
To investigate the matter to ascertain factual position.
Person who conducts inquiry.
act of making an inquiry into a matter
to mix food with saliva in eating
relating to or exhibiting extreme and permanent madness
unclean or contaminated enough to be dangerous to health
unclean or contaminated enough to be dangerous to health
mental illness or psychosis
extreme and permanent madness
extreme and permanent madness
incapable of being satisfied or satiated
A brief record of facts printed / recorded on a paper.
A security with a permanent record inscribed on the surface of it.
A type of stock issued with marked characters.
The main part of prescription that denotes the drugs and their quantity to be used in the mixture
any organism of class Insecta, characterized by three pairs of legs, one or two pairs of wings, and three - part body and two antennae
any organism of class Insecta, characterized by three pairs of legs, one or two pairs of wings, and three - part body and two antennae
A class of arthropods characterized by chitinous exoskeleton, six legs and up to four wings.
A place where insects are raised, kept and observed.
the bite of an insect that generally produces mild irritation
The regulation or management of insects that cause harm to the crop, human health, ecology or economy.
Chemical compounds that disrupts normal growth and development of insects.
adaptation of insects to insecticides which renders them less vulnerable to the killing effects of insecticide
Chemical substance which is used for killing insects.
an agent or substance which is used to kill the insects
an agent or substance which is used to kill the insects
A group of chemical that is used to kill or destroy insects.
Feeding on insects.
Plants that derive some or most of the nutrients by capturing and digesting prey.
A place where insects are raised in their natural habitat.
The method which utilizes resources efficiently for mass rearing of insects to meet program goals.
an agent used to drive away insects
an agent used to drive away insects
A machine which has been designed to execute one or more tasks repeatedly, with speed and precision.
the feeling or condition of not being safe or secure
deposition of semen into vagina
deposition of semen into vagina
loss of consciousness
denoting someone who has lost consciousness
denoting someone who has lost consciousness
To put something inside.
To add something (word) in the middle of text / matter.
A paragraph that has been added to the text.
putting in or introducing something in the body
putting in or introducing something in the body
Training while working regularly.
Transactions done on the basis of information not known to public, generally those who are in a position to get such information.
An insider threat is a malicious hacker who is an employee or officer of a business, institution, or agency.
The trading transactions that take place on the basis of inside information not known to public.
When one who is indulged in trading of shares of a company - based on access to information which is not available publicly.
When one who is indulged in trading of shares of a company - based on access to information which is not available publicly.
a disease having a gradual progress with few or no symptoms
a disease having a gradual progress with few or no symptoms
Capacity to understand the true nature of situation.
clear perception or thinking of a complex situation
clear perception or thinking of a complex situation
A sign showing official rank.
To small to consider.
confined to the original site or position only
sudden prostration due to excessive exposure to sun 's rays
Of or relating to not soluble or dissolvable in a liquid.
something that cannot be dissolved
The inability of a person or entity to pay their debt as they fall due.
The state of being insolvent.
To set up a separate independent machinery with adequate funding which is unlikely to become insolvent.
To set up a separate independent machinery with adequate funding which is unlikely to become insolvent.
Not having enough funds to pay what one owe to creditors.
Of or relating to the inability to fall asleep.
unusual inability to obtain adequate sleep
an individual affected by insomnia
To look closely into or to examine.
The act of inspecting.
visual examination of the body or body parts
Visual examination of the body in the course of a medical examination.
A four vehiled vehicle used to inspection of railway track.
A certificate issued for having conducted the inspection.
a chamber or room in which patient is placed under observation
An area earmarked for inspection.
Things required for inspection.
Charges paid for conducting inspection.
Charges paid for conducting inspection.
A place where stay arrangements for inspection team are made.
A brief written record on inspection.
A list of questions in connection with inspection.
Report that contain findings of the inspection.
Report submitted by inspector on the outcome of the inspection.
Reports covering observations on the inspection conducted.
A group of people responsible for conducting inspection.
A person who inspects.
An officer who has been assigned the job of inspecting.
sprinkling, as with powder of fluid
The process of breathing in air.
the act of drawing the air into the lungs
of, about, or relating to inspiration
the maximum amount of air that can be inhaled after a normal inspiration
An act of taking in or breathing in air.
to draw air into the lungs
An act of undergoing thickening due to evaporation or absorption of fluid.
being dried or thickened by dehydration
act of drying or thickening by dehydration
Situation which has possibility of sudden change.
The quality of lacking mental or physical stability or firmness.
Act of setting in position.
To set in position of persian wheels (a device to draw / lift water).
It is a point which is considered as a saved "snapshot" of a computer 's data at a specific time.
The ability to produce or make something that has been put in position.
One of the series of equal payments required to be paid till final liquidation of debt.
A bond which is made payable in instalments.
Making payment of one of the series of regular payment.
A method of making payment for goods purchased or repayment of loan over a pre - decided period of time / tenure.
A check that is conducted instantly.
A rare form of muscular stiffening that occurs at the moment of death.
The glossary which provides short definitions of terms related to instant messaging and other presence technologies.
A stage of development of arthropods or insects between molts.
the middle arched portion of the foot between ankle and toes
To encourage or pursude some one to do a bad thing.
The act of instigating.
to administer drop by drop, especially a medicine
to drop something into
An act of pouring a medicine drop by drop.
drop by drop administration of a liquid
A natural pattern of behavior that is characteristic of a person in response to specific environmental stimuli.
a natural impulse or tendency of an organism
of, about, or relating to instinct
about or pertaining to instinct
An organisation found for some specific purpose.
An organization for carrying on a particular work, as of a literary, scientific, or educational character.
An organisation for promoting activities
An organised institute.
An account which relates to an institution.
Loans provided by institutions or credit arranged through or provided to institution.
That part or wing of the economic management which largely covers institutions or relates to institution.
When funds are invested by institutions.
An order giving direction.
Instruction is a machine instruction which executed.
It is a code instruction which containing the length of a genetic code.
Instruction pointer shows the address for the location of the result.
This is a reserved segment of disk or memory which holds the received messages.
Instruction sequencer shows the address for the location of the result.
One who instructs or teaches.
A person who instructs or teaches.
A tool or implement (generally for delicate work).
a tool or device
A thing or apparatus by means of which something is done.
A thing or apparatus by means of which something is done.
Of or relating to useful or helpful.
That part of the capital which is not main but facilitate functioning / operation.
One who plays on musical instrument.
A collection of instruments and other equipment for a surgical operation or a medical procedure.
Pertaining to the use of one or more instruments in treating a patient.
A document relating to mortgage arrangement which has been drawn up in a formal manner.
A device / process or method deployed / used for production.
The formal legal document.
A device or means by which something is done.
Arranged according to instrument in a decided manner.
Act of disobedience.
Fluid swelling within an arterial wall.
The quality or state of not being sufficient.
The quality or state of not being sufficient.
The position of funds which is not adequate.
Which is not adequate.
The process of blowing a medicated powder, gas, or vapor into a bodily cavity.
An act or process of insufflating.
An act or process of insufflating.
An act or process of insufflating.
A device used in medical insufflation.
The lobe in the center of the cerebral hemisphere that is situated deeply between the lips of the sylvian fissure.
Of or being an isolated tissue or island of tissue.
Of or being an isolated tissue or island of tissue.
Of or being an isolated tissue or island of tissue.
Such bonds to which one is not familiar with.
An act of separating a conductor from conducting bodies by means of nonconductors so as to prevent transfer of electricity, heat, or sound.
An act or process of separation of a conductor from conducting bodies by means of nonconductors so as to prevent transfer of electricity, heat, or sound.
A material that insulates, especially a nonconductor of sound, heat, or electricity.
A hormone secreted by the pancreas which helps the body use sugar and other carbohydrates.
A polypeptide hormone that is secreted by the beta cells of the islets of Langerhans, that helps to regulate the metabolism of carbohydrates and fats.
An abnormally large concentration of insulin in the blood.
Of, relating to, or stimulating the production of insulin.
An islet cell adenoma that secretes insulin.
A histologic change in the islets of Langerhans characterized by edema and the infiltration of small numbers of white blood cells.
Production of insulin by the islets of Langerhans.
A bodily injury, irritation, or trauma.
By setting aside something previous.
That can be insured.
Where a person who wishes to buy an insurance policy must be able to sustain a financial loss in that which is being insured.
A contract between the Insurance company the insured, where by the company will pay the insured a stated sum of money on happening of a stated event.
The state of being insured usually against loss or damage by a contingent event (as death, fire, accident, or sickness).
An account maintained for insurance.
Person who is engaged in selling Insurance policies etc.
Amount levied on persons who are going for insurance.
Demanding the due right of receiving insured amount on happening of the stated incident.
That protects someone against the risk of something bad happening.
Account relating to transaction in fund created for insurance.
Money received for insurance.
A system under which a document containing contract of insurance is issued.
Payment of an agreed sum to the insurance company for indemnifying the insured person as per terms.
To obtain insurance.
Person who has obtained insurance.
The total amount of risk that has been covered for the specified risk under the insurance policy.
The bank which has been insured.
Letter on which insurance has been obtained.
The company which is issuing insurance policies for premium.
The state or condition of not being susceptible to a disease or infection.
An engraved design in printing on paper etc.
An act or process of taking in.
Assets which real value but are not visible like goodwill, trademarks etc.
Assets which are unable to be touched or not solid.
This term is used for a value or digit without decimal point.
This the process of solving the problems of integer programs.
It is variable which has an integer value.
Forming a whole an indivisable part.
Which are necessary for completeness of a whole.
Accounts which are complete.
Unified in one.
The process of combining or coordinating individual components so as to provide a complete or coordinated entity.
A set of electronic components on a single unit. Also called "Chip", "Microcircuit", or "Microchip".
This is an integrated services digital network terminal adapter which is used for digital dial - up telephone service and internet access.
A method of pest control that integrates several methods to reduce or eliminate the usage of pesticides while maintaining the acceptable level of pests.
A system of providing credit facilities which combines all connected / relevant factors, and is unified.
All types of finance consolidated into one.
A part of the organisation which looks after work related to integrated finance.
A digital circuit composed of bipolar transistors that is known for its very fast switching speeds. Also known as merged - transistor logic.
A management programme that integrates several methods to control nematodes pest in an efficient manner.
An ecological approach to solve agricultural problems by using many techniques and practices.
Act of integrating or combining.
Combining two or more things.
Acceptance of people belonging to different groups as one unified entity.
The state of combination or the process of combining into completeness and harmony.
This is a device which performs the mathematical integration operation of calculus.
Quality of being honest.
Strict personal honesty.
The state of being unimpaired; soundness or wholeness.
The quality of being honest and deserving of the person intending to obtain loan.
Personal honesty of borrrower and he being deserved for credit.
A natural outer covering or coat, such as the skin of an animal or the membrane enclosing an organ.
A natural outer covering or coat, such as the skin of an animal or the membrane enclosing an organ.
The enveloping membrane of the body, including the dermis, epidermis, hair, nails, and sebaceous, sweat, and mammary glands.
Coat or layer enclosing an organ.
Of, pertaining to, or like an integument.
Of or relating to power of thought or mind.
The power of knowing as distinguished from thepower to feel and to will.
The act or process of intellectualizing.
The legal rights of a person to protect the invention etc. which is his own.
Secret information.
The capacity to acquire and apply knowledge, especially toward a purposeful goal.
The capacity to acquire and apply knowledge, especially toward a purposeful goal.
Unit which is engaged in collection secret information and trying to find out truth.
An index of measured intelligence expressed as the ratio of tested mental age to chronological age, multiplied by 100.
The test of quickness of understanding and wisdom.
Which is able to be understood.
Of or relating to a fever characterized by intervals of normal temperature.
The sense of not having enough control over feeling.
Of or relating to lack of temperance or restraint.
The person who is the prospective candidate to get the benefit.
The quality of being intense.
The quality or state of being intense.
The quality or state of being intense.
Of or relating to the quality or condition of being severe.
Making much use of available resources.
Involving lot of efforts.
An area where agricultural operations are taken up in a concentrated manner.
A specialized section of a hospital containing the equipment, medical and nursing staff, and monitoring devices necessary to provide intensive care.
A specialized section of a hospital containing the equipment, medical and nursing staff, and monitoring devices necessary to provide intensive care.
Farming that produces a lot from a small area of land.
The farming in which large amount of capital and labour resources are used per unit of area of land to obtain high level of yield.
The farming in which large amount of capital and labour resources are used per unit of area of land to obtain high level of yield.
Forceful attempt.
Involving lot of activity.
Careful attention in a short period of time.
Lending which is concentrated in an area or to a group of borrowers.
Supply of something which is vigorous in quantity.
What you intend to do.
An aim or purpose.
An aim that guides action.
An aim that guides action.
Done deliberately.
Which has been done with some intention.
A tremor that occurs when a voluntary movement is made.
Of or relating to between or among.
Action which is reciprocal.
Referring to an action between two persons or things or entities.
An action that occurs when two or more objects effect each other.
The financial system which is reciprocally active with each other.
This is a typewriter - like terminal with a key board and in - built printer.
Among other things.
Pertaining to being situated between the atria of the heart.
An agreement between two or more bank.
This is the rate of interest which a reputed bank is prepared to pay for deposits for a specified period.
These are money market transactions involving only banks in which funds are lent and borrowed at market rates for a period less than one year.
This is the rate of interest at which commercial banks are prepared to borrow from one another payable at call or short notice.
Such contracts which are executed between banks with mutual consent.
The dealing which take place between two or more banks in respect of foreign exchange.
Loan between banks.
A market that consists of all banks to allow them to borrow and lend funds in an efficient and informal way.
The rate of interest on which funds are offered in the inter - bank market for a specified period.
It is an instrument representing an interest in part of loan made by bank selling the instrument with no risk sharing.
The total amount of transactions (borrowing and lending) between banks.
Difference in inter - bank market rates due to variations.
This is the empty space generated between two blocks of data on a magnetic tape.
Located or performed between the bodies of two adjacent vertebrae.
Transactions which takes place between branches.
Transactions which are between two branches of the same bank.
The occurrence of an extra beat between the two regular pulse beats.
Of or relating to intercadence.
Occurring between two others, as an upstroke between two normal pulse beats in a pulse tracing.
Inserted between two reference point.
Inserted between two others; interposed.
Of or relating to inbetween the cells.
Of or being located among or between cells.
Between cells.
To catch the communication on between.
The act of intercepting.
Seize while on the way.
To stop something moving from one place to another.
An act or instance of intercepting.
The process of intercepting.
An act of giving and taking mutually.
The long term debt instruments which can be converted from registered to coupon bond or vice - versa.
The facility of cash credit which can be converted to other mode of credit.
Of or pertaining to being located between the cartilages.
Cheque which is drawn on a branch of a bank situated in another city.
The process of clearing of instruments that takes place between one city and another city.
Of or pertaining to being located between or connecting the clavicles.
A flattened band that passes from the upper part of the sternal end of one clavicle to that of the other.
Arrangement of communicating with each other.
Communication with each other.
Where companies invest funds with each other.
Where money is borrowed and lent between companies.
Pertaining to being located w\between two condyles.
A short term deposit made by one company with another.
Dividend which the one company pays to another, which are under the same control.
Such investments which are made by one company in another company.
Of or relating to inbetween the ribs.
Present between the ribs.
The interval exists between each rib.
Dealings or communication between individuals, groups, countries, etc.
Dealings or it is the communications between persons or groups.
Communication between the individuals.
Of or relating to sexual contact between a male and a female.
Of or relating to sexual contact between a male and a female.
Of or relating to sexual contact between a male and a female.
Measured between two crests like it happens in bones.
A crop which is taken between two main crops.
Raise a crop among plants of different kind.
Crop grown in the space between rows.
Occurring at the same time and usually altering the course of another disease.
Located between the teeth.
Between different departments.
Making adjustments / correction in departmental figures so that they match.
A meeting of different departments.
Mentioning where information in respect of different departments can be found.
Mentioning where information in respect of different departments can be found.
Transactions taking place between different departments.
Transfers made to different departments.
The area of the hand or foot lying between the two adjacent digits.
A cellulitic form comprise of deep tissue pyoderma.
Of or pertaining to a digit or finger.
An interlocking of parts by finger - like processes.
Transfers which have taken place at divisional level.
Money paid for use of money.
Of or relating to a feeling of intentness, concern, or curiosity about something.
A right or legal share in something.
An account relating to interest.
Interest which has accumulated (earned) and became payable.
Interest which has ben earned but has not become payable.
The amount of interest which has been earned but not collected / obtained.
The principle of profiting from difference of interest rates of the same thing at different place.
A range of interest values within a series.
Which is with interest.
Account where interest is paid.
Part that relates to interest.
Where interest is charged on interest.
Which is with interest.
When the amount of interest is reduced at the point when payment is made.
Constituting a difference relating to interest in the same range.
A director of a company who has some interest (something that is advantageous) in the affairs of the company.
The state of interest being flexible.
Loan on which no interest is charged.
A period when interest is not levied on the loan.
The amount of interest calculated and passed on to suspense account, till it is received.
This term in general refer that depositors (in a bank) get back their deposit amount together with interest on demand or when due for payment.
Amount of interest paid on securities.
The amount of interest that is payable on short - term funds or overnight call money.
Interest levied on call money.
Interest paid on capital.
Interest paid on debentures.
Interest on amount withdrawn.
Interest received on securities.
The structure of interest designed to suit variety of depositors.
Interest which is required to be paid.
Kind or class of interest arranged in a way.
The rate at which a borrower pays to the lender for use of money or a bank pay on the deposit accounts of customers / depositors.
The different type of interest rates offered.
This relates to exchange of fixed rate of interest to floating or vice - versa alongwith exchange of currency.
These are financial products which derive their value from an index of interest rates.
When value of banks earning are reduced as the interest rates change.
The amount that has been received as interest.
Amount of interest that is to be received.
Amount of interest which is to be recovered.
Such depositors who are aware and responsive to interest rate movement.
The level at which interest is being levied / changed.
An amount of assistance granted which indirectly have the effect of reduction in interest burden.
An account where interest amount is parked for the time being for future adjustments.
A cheque issued by a company etc. in favour of a specified person representing payment of interest.
Investment etc. in which interest is being earned.
To intervene in the affairs of others.
The act of interfering.
The act or process of interfering.
The position of debt between two or more governments.
Adjustments that take place between government of or more states (in India).
Related to interval between convulsions or seizures.
Which is provisional.
Financial assistance / facility which is granted for temporary period of time.
Financial assistance / facility which is granted for temporary period of time.
Provisional decision of an arbitrator.
A grant which is of temporary nature.
An order which is not formal.
Which is for the time being.
A assistance which is provisional.
Assistance which is not final.
Reply which is not final.
Report which is for the time being - yet to be finalised.
Such areas which are located at a remote place.
To exihibit decoration inside the building.
This is interior point on a triangle opposite to and farthest away from its base.
Period between two meiosis during which the nuclear membrane reappears.
The state of being linked together.
Between lobes or lobules.
Pleurisy from the sulci between the pulmonary lobes.
Inflammation of the pleura separating two pulmonary lobes.
Connecting or transporting the secretions of lobules.
Funds which are connected closely with each other.
Lies between the maxillary bones.
Institution which are used for rending of transaction between two parties.
Who is acting as a mediator.
Person who helps to other people to resolve something.
The process of acting between two persons.
Such trading activity which takes place in between before the final destination.
Lying in between two things.
Of or being situated or acting between two points, stages, things, persons, etc.
Placed or being in the middle place or degree.
Of or being situated or acting between two points, stages, things, persons, etc.
This is a fast storage buffer in the central processing unit of a computer.
This is the process of conversion of internal representation of an intermediate language.
College which provides education upto intermediate level.
Examination of inter level (college).
Such goods which are in the semi - finished stage.
The goods which are used for making final product.
A host used by a parasite for a short transition period during which it develops but not sexually mature.
A liability which is of intervening nature.
An intervening trench of loan.
Where mortgage lenders sell existing mortgages in order to replenish funds for lending to new borrowers.
It is a node which is used for routing messages.
A payment which is not final but of intermediate nautre.
A product which is subsidiary in nature.
When funds are deposited with banks for onward investment by them with other institution / govt. etc. for higher returns.
Reference relating to different ministries.
A respite or recess.
The act of intermitting or the state of being intermitted.
A physician specializing in internal medicine.
The phase between two mitosis cell division.
An act of stopping or ceasing for a time and then beginning again.
An act of stopping or ceasing for a time and then beginning again.
Stopping and again starting at intervals.
Elevation in the body temperature above the normal at 37C.
A fever that rises, subsides, then again returns back.
A pulse which occasionally skips a cardiac beat.
Cause to suspend activity temporarily or periodically.
The process of moving from one work to another or the state of being mobile within the organsiation.
Who is undergoing training as an assistant.
Someone who works in a temporary basis with an emphasis on on - the - job training rather than merely employment
Domestic affairs of a nation.
Existing or located within the limits or surface of something.
Of or relating to inside of something.
Of or relating to a canal in the temporal bone of the skull that carries nerves to the middle and inner ear.
Audit which is conducted / arranged internally.
This term is used for the refraction of light rays, when they travel at an angle less than the critical angle.
The cuticle present internal to the body.
The process of rhythmically compressing the heart using the hands to force blood through the blood vessels.
A procedure that ensures genuineness of the transaction internally.
A system of cross - checking of transactions in an organisation.
It is a generic expression for all communications which an organisation undertakes with its close stakeholders.
The procedure within an organisation to ensure an efficient and common practice and the safeguard of assets.
That part of country 's debt owed by its nationals.
When decline in productivity / profit is caused by internal factors.
Cuticle internal to the exocuticle.
Finance generated through internal sources.
A fistula that is situated between two internal organs.
A surgical procedure that stabilizes and joins the ends of fractured bones.
The centre of an organsiational structure.
A medical specialty that focuses on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of nonsurgical conditions in adults.
An organisation within the institution.
Of or relating to the aperture of the cervix into the body of the uterus.
One that lies in a vein of the superior rectal plexus, originating above the pectinate line and covered by mucous membrane.
The discount rate that equates the total present value of expected cash flow on a project.
Recruitment made from within the organisation.
A system of reporting withing the organisation.
Reserves created internally to meet future continegency.
The metabolic process where living cells absorb oxygen and release carbon dioxide.
A secretion that is formed by an endocrine gland and than discharged into the bloodstream.
It composed of bone and cartilage that supports the soft organs, tissues with other parts of a vertebrate organism
This is a timer which may interrupt the system several times per second for timesharing purposes.
A pulling force created by using one of the cranial bones, above the point of fracture.
Turning effected by the hand or fingers inserted by the dilated cervix.
Inflammation of internal ear or labyrinth.
Of or relating to two or more countries.
An agreement concerning two or more nations.
A period of growth and prosperity worldwide.
A telephone call which is to or from outside the country.
The capital market where many countries of the world participate.
Set of rules and regulations on the naming of the zoological animals.
A currency which is widely accepted world wide.
When tax is imposed twice on the same income under two separate jurisdiction in the world.
The study that relates to production, distribution and consumption of the countries of world at large.
The wealth and resources of the world community with reference to production and consumption of goods and services.
When paper money was backed by a reserve of gold and international settlement was done by transfer of gold.
Law which governs international relations.
When liquidity can be raised by transfer / sale of securities / assets etc. at international level.
The currency which is widely accepted worldwide.
An organisation which consists of different countries of the world.
The up and down trend in the international market which takes place with speed.
Standards (specifications) which are international level and acceptable as such.
The trading activities which are pursued across the border by countries.
The process of carrying through a piece of business at international level.
The shaking movement in world economy which one cannot control.
Which are followed by international community as a custom.
Internet Control Message Protocol is such a protocol which provides the facility to controlling messages and reporting errors between a host server and a gateway to the Internet.
Internet Protocol is a method or protocol through which data is sent from one computer to another on the Internet.
This is themedium in which computers, printers, and other devices are physically and logically connected to a network.
It is a list of the users of the internet or another computer network.
These are the tools for testing and analyzing multitude of internet features.
This term is used by Cisco, BBN, and other providers of network products and services as a comprehensive term for all the concepts, technologies, and generic devices those facilitate people and their computers to communicate across different kinds of
This term is used by Cisco, BBN, and other providers of network products and services as a comprehensive term for all the concepts, technologies, and generic devices those facilitate people and their computers to communicate across different kinds of
It is an open system interconnection reference model network layer protocol in the sequenced packet exchange protocol stack.
A nerve cell found entirely within the central nervous system that acts as a link between sensory neurons and motor neurons.
A nerve cell found completely within the central nervous system.
To place into darkness.
The space between two nodes or points of the stem from which the leaves properly appears.
Part of a plant stem between nodes.
Receptors present inside the cell.
A period during which one works as assistant on the job training.
A period of time during which a beginner acquires experience in an occupation, profession, or pursuit.
Located or occurring between nuclei.
Neuron that conduct impulses from one neuron to other neuron.
A neuron in the spinal cord that link two other neuron.
Internal.
Related to interoception.
A specialized sensory nerve receptor that receives and responds to stimuli originating from within the body.
Connecting or lying between bones.
Occurring between successive paroxysms of a disease.
The process of finding access into other market (forcibly).
The process of finding access into other market (forcibly).
Relations between the people.
Between petioles.
The interval in the cell cycle when the individual chromosomes cannot be distinguished.
The phase of cell cycle in which the size of the cell is increase and copy of a DNA is made.
A septum between two parts of an organ or a cavity.
To insert additional words in a text.
It is a concept which is adopted in mathematical logic.
Explaining the meaning of something (words, text etc.).
An act of giving an explanation of something.
The act of interpreting.
An act of giving an explanation of something.
The process of explaining the meaning of data / information.
To explain the meaning of rules.
It is a computer programming language processor which translates the statement of high - level language.
Which consists of different provinces.
Between the pubic bones or cartilages
The difference in amount of price according to quality.
The amount of difference between two things depending on quality comparison.
Such entries which are not totally stand alone but are inter collected to others.
Asking question thoroughly and formally.
A process to question formally.
To break the flow of speech.
The characters which are not queued on the mouse input stream are called interrupt characters.
To stop or hinder by breaking inside it.
Changes in the heart rate during breathing.
To break the continuity.
An act or instance of breaking the continuity.
An act or instance of breaking the continuity.
Break in continuation of service.
Break in performing duty.
Between the scapul or shoulder blades.
Between one another.
Among of group.
A point where two lines meet or cross each other.
Register maintained for inter section activities.
Mentioning where information in respect of different sections can be found.
Mentioning where information in respect of different sections can be found.
Reference to the correspondence between sections.
Financial facilities (lending) which are extended / shifted from one sector to another.
Membrane situated between the segments.
Of or relating to a person exhibiting charecteristics of both a male and female.
Of or relating to a person exhibiting charecteristics of both a male and female.
An intermediate condition between the physical appearance of male and female.
A typical combinations of physical features that usually distinguish male from female.
Competition between members of different species.
An interaction between members of different species.
Present in between the spines.
The process or arrangement for settling the debt which is between two or more states.
Remittances which are sent from one state to another.
Account maintained for recording suspense transactions between states.
In insects a plate between the segments on the ventral surface of the abdomen.
Related to intestine.
Situated within but not characteristic of a particular organ or tissue.
Air in the peribronchial and interstitial tissues of the lungs.
Inflammation of the stomach involving the submucous and muscle coats.
Growth within a structure or an area, characteristic of tissues formed of nonrigid materials.
A knuckle of intestine lies between two layers of the abdominal wall.
The inflammation of the tissue of the cornea.
A kidney disorder where the spaces between the kidney tubules become swollen.
Inflammation of the connective tissue framework of a nerve.
A category of chronic lung diseases characterized by inflammation of the lungs.
An ectopic pregnancy developing in the uterine portion of the fallopian tube.
Salpingitis in which fibrosis or mononuclear cell infiltration involves all layers of the fallopian tube or eustachian tube.
Tissue between the cells of a structure or part in plant or animal.
Of or pertaining to an inflammation condition between the folds of the skin.
An inflammatory condition of skin folds, induced by heat, moisture, maceration, friction, and lack of air circulation.
Situated between trochanters.
Between tubules.
Which is between different units.
Time gap (pause) between two events / activities etc.
An intervening time.
Pertaining to the duration of time between two specified events.
The space between two objects or parts.
Pertaining to a period of temporary cessation.
This term is used to mention the productivity rate and performability measures of computer systems and networks.
To do something to stop something or to deal with a problem.
To come between (without asking for it) and hinder.
Time occuring in between two events.
Between veins.
The act of interfering in affairs of other people.
The act of intervening.
The currency which is bought or sold by the central bank of the country to return it to its parity.
Situated between ventricles.
Located between vertebrae.
An opening between vertebrae where nerves leave the spine and extend to other parts of the body.
A formal meeting in which questions are asked to judge one 's ability and suitability (for a job etc.).
An official meeting with someone where views are ascertained / exchanged on a variety of matters.
Person who is being interviewed.
Person who is conducting interview.
This is the method of using and making of self - expanding devices.
Not having made a will.
Of or pertaining to intestines or bowels.
Establishment of a communication between two formerly distant portions of the intestine.
The failure of a portion of the intestinal tract to completely form.
A pouch that connects ileum with the ascending colon of the large intestine.
Diarrhoea in which lime - water and lime carbonate are useful in these conditions.
Pertaining to acute abdominal pain, particularly in newborns or infants.
Pain spasms associated with intestinal disorders.
the group of bacteria that lives in the intestine and important for normal functioning of intestine
Any of the tubular glands in the mucous membrane of the small and large intestines.
Pain in intestine.
Pertaining to the loss of blood in the intestines or bowels.
Clear pale yellow, watery secretion composed of hormones, digestive enzymes etc.
Obstruction of the intestine that prevents the contents of the intestine from passing to the lower bowel.
The wave - like rhythmic involuntary muscular contractions of the intestine that moves food through the digestive system.
One of the small projections on the mucous membrane of the small intestine.
The tubular portion of the alimentary canal that runs from the stomach to the anus.
The portion of the alimentary canal extending from the stomach to the anus
Part of the gastrointestinal tract that extends from the stomach to the anus.
Of or relating to the sounds made by the peristalitic movemements of intestine as they push food through.
A valve that separates rectum from intestine.
Large intestine.
At the end of it - finally.
Which is of the long duration
Which is in bulk quantity.
The price that includes mailing or postal charges.
Goods which are in the semi produced condition.
The innermost membrane of an organ or part.
Inner layer of the artery.
Related to intima.
To inform.
To make known.
Something that has been intimated.
Act of threatening.
Making you feel worried.
Inflammation of an intima.
An inner layer of the wall of pollen grain.
This is a procedure which is used in an application.
Sense of not accepting other 's views / thinking.
Lack of tolerance or state of being not to learnt.
Abnormal sensitivity or allergy to a food, drug, etc.
Allergy to any substance.
Of or pertaining to something that intoxicates.
Anything that causes intoxication.
To excite by the action of a chemical substance to the point where physical and mental control is markedly diminished.
Of or relating to a drink or beverage which is intoxicating.
The state of being drunk.
A condition that follows the administration of a psychoactive substance and results in disturbances in the level of consciousness.
The physiological state produced by a poison or other toxic substance.
State of drunkenness.
An act of excitement caused by the action of a chemical substance to the point where physical and mental control is markedly diminished.
Any liquid for drinking that make you drunk.
A prefix signifying in or within.
Of or pertaining to within the abdomen.
Occurring within the abdomen.
Situated within the amnion.
Belong to a structure inside an artery.
Fractures are those in that the break crosses into the surface of a joint.
When banks participate in an instrument jointly.
Occurring within a canaliculus.
Situated within a capsule.
Inracapsular cataract extraction is a category of eye surgery where the lens of the eye is removed and the elastic capsule intact to allow implantation of an intraocular lens.
Of or relating to within the heart.
Present within the heart.
Present within a cartilage or cartilaginous tissue.
A plastic tube that is attached to a puncturing needle, inserted into a blood vessel for infusion, injection, or pressure monitoring.
A transparent liquid contained in the anterior and posterior chambers of the eye, produced by the ciliary process.
Inside the cell.
Located within cells.
Situated within the cerebrum.
Existing within the body.
Bleeding is caused in the cranium due to a stroke or leakage of blood from an aneurysm in the brain.
Uncommon, serious, life - threatening infections.
Of or relating to the tension or pressure within the cranial cavity.
This term is used to describe the inherent ability of solving a problem in large - scale scientific computation.
Difficult to manage or govern.
This is a decision problem of complexity theory which is any arbitrary question on an infinite set of input strings.
Of or relating to the pressure within the eyeball.
Of or pertaining to within the skin.
Inside the skin.
Toward the inner part.
In or into the skin.
Residing within the duct of the breast.
Beneath or within the dura mater.
Within the layer of cells that forms the surface or lining of an organ.
Within the liver.
Intrahepatic cholestasis is widespread blockage of small ducts.
The commercial activities within India.
Within a lobe of any organ or other structure.
Within lobules as present in the intralobular branches of the hepatic veins.
Inside the spinal cord, medulla oblongata, or the marrow cavity of a bone.
Situated within a membrane.
Occurring within the limits usually of a community.
Of or relating to within muscle.
It is as opposed to a medication which is given by a needle like into the skin.
Pertaining to an injection into a muscle.
Within the nose.
During or at the time of birth.
Intranet is a private network which is generally estiblished within an Institution or enterprise.
Which have not reached the destination yet but are in the course of transportation.
Pertaining to within the eye or eyeball.
The pressure within the eye.
Within space of the mouth.
Occurring within an inclosure.
Within the peritoneal cavity.
Occur within a lung.
Belong to the interior of bone.
A population or group of populations with characteristic gene frequencies.
Competition between members of same species.
An interaction between members of same species.
Inside the vertebral canal or spinal cord.
Belong to a structure, process, or substance within a sheath.
Within the thorax or chest.
Being or occurring within the trachea.
A birth control device like a plastic or metallic ring or loop that is inserted into the uterus to prevent pregnancy.
Pertaining to within the uterus.
In the uterus or womb.
An intrauterine device.
A fracture of one or more fetal bones that occurs before birth.
Of or relating to within the blood vessels.
Within blood vessels or a blood vessel.
Into a vein.
General anesthesia where venipuncture is used as a means of injecting central nervous system depressants into the bloodstream.
A series of x - rays taken of the kidneys, collecting or drainage system and bladder. C
In the ventricle of the heart or brain.
Performed upon or found in a living subject.
When lack of symmetry has been noticed during the year.
See Interrupt handler.
The stae of being intricate.
Which is very complicate.
The act of secretly planning to harm someone.
Belonging to a thing by its very nature.
Muscles fully contained within the structure under consideration.
Rewards which are not in physical form.
The value which is genuine or real.
A short form for introduction.
To make known to others by name.
To bring into use or operation.
To bring something to a place.
A device used to insert tube in the body to drain out fluid.
Act of making known personally.
Something preliminary told about the subject.
A letter that introduces a person.
When new product is launched in the market, these are sold at reduced rate.
Which are the rates at the time of introducing the product in the market.
A surgical treatment carried out on the cyst.
Of or relating to the vaginal orifice.
Enterance of a hollow organ.
A process wherein characteristics and ideas of others are taken into noes psyche.
The act of inserting an organ into another.
Sending something into a cavity.
Facing inward.
To check out ones own thoughts and mind.
An act of checking out ones own mental or emotional condition.
To check out ones own thoughts and mind.
An act or process of introverting.
A process of focusing ones attention towards a particular thing.
A process of focusing ones attention towards a particular thing.
An act of turning inwards.
A person characterized who is concerner primarily of his or her own thoughts and feelings.
An act of turning inwards.
Of or pertaining to within the cranium or cranial cavity.
Penetrate a tube inside a hollow organ.
The process of insertion of a tube into a hollow organ or body passage.
The process of inserting a tube in an hollow organ inorder to heal it.
Of or relating to the ability to perceive or know things without conscious reasoning.
A sense of feeling or impression that something has happened.
Price quoted immediately based on intuition.
To expand as a bubble.
A swollen piece of mass.
A swollen piece of mass.
A process of getting enlarged.
A process of getting enlarged.
A process of getting enlarged.
A muscle part which tends to bend a bone with the desired force.
Of or relating to an infolding of one part of the intestine into another.
Telescopic folding of the intestine.
Telescopic folding of the intestine.
A process by which new blood vessels are formed by splitting the old one.
A process by which a part of an intestine gets moved to the other section.
A section of a bowel which is covered by a section of another organ.
An enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of inulin to fructose.
A fructose polysaccharide derived from the roots and tubers of many composite plants.
Group of naturally occurring polysaccharides of molecular formula C6nH10n + 2O5n + 1 with a slightly sweet taste.
act of application of oil or ointment to the skin by rubbing
A process by which a medicineal oil or ointment is rubbed on infected portion to heal it.
Releasing of large number of biological control agent to effect immediate a rapid reduction of a pest population.
in uterus
occurring within the uterus before birth
folding inward, ensheathing or insertion of a part of structure within itself
A process by which the intestine or any other organ tends to get drifted from its position thus obstructing.
Which is not acceptable legally.
Someone who cannot look after himself (weakness of by illness, old age etc.).
A state of lacking power or strength on account of illness.
a person incapacitated by sickness, disability or injury
The process of declaring invalid.
condition of being incapacitated by sickness, disabilty or injury
A state of bad health which remains for a long duration.
The state of disableness.
Pension available to disabled persons.
Pension granted to disabled persons.
Invalid pension is granted if a Govt. servant retires from the service on account of any bodily or mental infirmity which permanently incapacitates him for the service.
Which happens always almost or is true.
entry of pathogens into the body
A process by which pathogens spread in the host body.
A process by which pathogens spread in the host body.
The act of invading of pathogenic microorganisms to new site of a body.
A detailed list of goods in place with number.
List of goods / products or assets etc. with their number.
The quantity of goods or raw material kept on a store or godown for use when required.
A process of keeping control over inventory.
The amount that has been invested in stocks which may comprise of government securities or shares of a company.
It is an information system to determine the assembling materials to build a unit of equipment by a certain date.
This is a method of inventory valuation for financial reporting purposes.
A software which is used to record transactions, maintain account balances, and prepare financial statements and reports.
It is a type of intestine disease which is caused by worms which are parasitic in nature.
opposite in effect or nature
This is an inverse technique to reconstruct single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) images.
It is a function which is related with a given function is such that their composite is the identity function.
The system of fixing price which is in directly opposite manner.
The share (proportion) which is opposite.
This is a scanning method used in radar in which the direction of maximum radiation generates a cone.
act of turning inward, inside out or upside down
A process by which a particular position is reversed or rotated to a different position.
Chromosomal rearrangement in which order of a gene is reversed.
Turning upside down.
Turning the uterus inside out
to turn upside down or inside out
An enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of sucrose into glucose and fructose.
An animal which lacks a vertebral column.
an animal having no vertebral column
Animal which has no proper bone structure.
Is an enzyme which helps in digestion of sugar.
A muscle which tends to move inward a part of the body.
To put money to buy securities / property etc.
A committee which decides about investment matters.
Funds which can be used for the purpose of investment.
Act of finding out truth about something.
Attempt made by an official agency to find out reasons for something that has happened.
The act of investigating.
Attempt / efforts to reach at the bottom of the incident / matter.
analysis of body parts that helps in diagnosis of a disease
detailed systemic examination
The act of investigating the dues which have not been paid on time.
The company which is making investment.
The use of money to create more money in the form of interest, dividend or profit etc.
An allowance which is granted by government to encourage establishment of new industries in certain areas by making investment in them.
It is the analysis of investments like stocks, business, intangible assets, bonds etc.
A bank which functions as an intermediary between the company that wants to raise funds and the investing public.
The type of banking activities which essentially relate to banking for investment purposes.
The overall prevailing conditions in the economy which guide considerations for making or not making investment and set trend towards investment.
The measurement that shows the cost of investment.
The credit facilities or loans provided for making investment.
Assistance or financial back up which serve the dual purposes of investment and speculation.
The decisions which are taken by investors and investment managers.
The proportion of investment with reference to deposits.
A reserve created to take care of the erosion in the value of investments.
That part of income which has been received on the investment made.
A ledger maintained for recording entries relating to investment.
The variety of investments / products in which investment has been made.
This term is used to mention the nature or type of investment.
A market offering investment opportunities.
A collection of instruments / securities etc. in which investment has been made.
This term is used to describe the inaccurate measure of computer performance.
This is the ratio of width to height of a pixel, image, or display screen.
The company which has made investment.
Any person or party who makes an investment in a firm.
Something like a habbit which is there since long.
To watch the people carefully so that they do not adopt unfair means.
An account that exists but not visible.
Payment received or made for various services in one country for another that results in inflow or outflow of currency are invisible item of imports and exports.
Such items of trade which are not visible but traded.
Written or verbal request to someone to be present on a occasion.
When a request is made to submit a quotation or bid for something.
Act of inviting tender.
Issuing notice inviting tender.
To invite tender.
Study In the live body
in an artificial environment outside the living body
in an artificial environment, such as in a test tube or culture media, outside a living organism
Man made environment external conditions supporting living organisms.
Study out side the body or on the isolated organ
within the living body of an organism
An experiment carried out within the body.
When the guarantor is asked to make good the loss or honour the commitment which has been under the guarantee.
Which is currently in fashion.
An advice listing goods supplied with their value etc.
When finance is obtained against the value of invoice.
Invoice which is to be paid for.
The value for which invoice has been raised.
The process of making invoice.
A whorl of bracts beneath or around an inflorescence.
A membrane that form around a infected bone.
An act done without intending to.
Not performed willingly.
Something occuring without ones choice.
not under the control of will
the action which is not under the control of will
A muscle which is not under ones control and works on its own.
A muscle which is not under ones control and works on its own.
The payment which has not been made willingly.
Passing of urine without one 's will.
return of an enlarged organ to normal size
A process wherein the size of the body organs tend to reduce by age.
A process wherein the size of the body organs tend to reduce by age.
A process which is related to Involution i. eA process wherein the size of the body organs tend to reduce by age.
Revolution and final reversal of position of embryo upon itself.
return of an enlarged uterus to normal size, especially after childbirth
To implicate (a person in a charge).
Included as a part.
Such part of capital which has been deployed in operations.
That cannot be wound or hurt.
located inside or moving toward inner side
Accounts relating to inward and outward.
Bills which have been received for collection.
Inward bills on which payment is yet to be received / collected.
Book containing records of sales return transactions.
The instruments which have been received for their ultimate payments through the process of clearing.
Entry relating to inward goods.
Account relating to goods exchanged from out of inward.
Invoice which is in respect of goods purchased.
Journey which is to return to place of work from tour.
The position of economic development in a country where government take part actively in economic activities to create a base or infrastructure.
enforced detention and isolation of a person at a port of entry to prevent the disease from entering an area
Register which is maintained to record all the letters / dak received.
Register which is maintained to record all the letters / dak received.
Such remittance which has been received from other centres.
Statement which is required to be received.
Prescribed statements which are required to be received.
Account relating to inward transaction which have been settled.
Traffic which is coming inside.
A receipt of tax paid at the outpost of city limit for goods entering into the city.
To add with iodine.
An iodine compound.
The process of adding iodine to an organic compound.
A medicine which is composed of iodine crystals to cure wounds.
An element which tends to get stained quickly in presence of iodine.
Efect caused by overuse of iodine.
A process of treating using iodine.
Skin injury caused by overusage of iodine.
A fluid similar to chloroform which is used as an antiseptic.
A treatment which is carried out using iodine.
A illness due to which iodine is present in the urine.
An atom or molecule which is electrically charged.
A process which is based on ions.
A process to convert into ions partly or totally.
A process of changing something into ions.
An additive to the main ion which is passed through the membrane.
Movement of a fluid under the effect of electric current.
It is a region of the atmosphere where solar radiation affects the transmission of radio waves.
A process wherein drug is injected into the skin without any syringe but by passing it through charged ions using current.
A method wherein drug is passed in the form of charged ions using current.
The smallest possible.
Signed document acknowledging a debt.
IP Address Spoofing attack is such an attack which is accomplished by IP address spoofing and gaining access to the network with a valid IP address, if the attacker gets access it is able to modify, reroute, or delete the data and build other types of attacks also.
In context of computer science, IPFragmentation attack refers to that attack wherein an attacker creates an IP fragments packets artificially to deceive the firewalls or routers.
Genus of family Convolvulaceae having colorful flowers.
IPSequence Prediction Attack refers to such an attack wherein by making use of SYN Flood method an attacker establish connection with a victim machine and obtain the IP packet sequence number and then making use of this number attacker gets control of the victim machine and fool it into considering that it is communicating with another network machines.
A state which tends to affect the same portion on side of the body.
By that very fact.
By the law itself.
A external agent which tends to create irritation.
Something which affects the iris of an eye.
A pian which occurs in the iris of the eye.
A process by which the iris gets thick.
the surgical procedure involving removal of part of iris
A process by which a section of iris is removed out surgically.
A process by which iris is turned outwards.
Loss of blood from the iris.
A process which is carried out to cure glaucoma.
Process by which iris is shifted upside down.
An underdeveloped iris which looks as if it is absent.
An act of binding the iris portion brought out from the cornes.
An radioactive isotope which is used for radioactive treatment.
A process by which iris is torn or seperated from the surface.
Swelling of the iris and the part which encloses the lenses.
A process by which iris tends to bulge out.
Swelling of the iris and the choroid membrane.
A defect of the iris which is presentsince birth.
a part of a muscle which tends to reduce the size of the pupil of the eye.
Surgically removal of part of iris and the membrane having eye lashes.
Inflammation of the iris and ciliary body of eye
Swelling of the iris and the membrane having eye lashes.
Swelling of the iris, choroid and the membrane having eye lashes.
A process of removal of a part of iris to uses it as an artificial pupil.
Seperation or tearing of the iris from the body connected to the eye lashes.
A part of a muscle which tends to expand the size of the pupil.
The movement of the iris inorder to redude or increase the size of the pupil.
Something that is related to the iris movement.
A process by which iris tends to degenerate from a good condition.
An operation which is carried out on the membrane which is present around the iris.
A illness wherein the iris of the eyes tends to get thick.
Formation of tumer or inflamation in the eye iris.
A tissue of the eye iris which is damaged.
Non functioning of the circular muscle in the eye iris.
Process by which iris protrudes out.
An act by which the iris tends to tear apart from the attachment to peripheri.
The split of the anterior and posterior layer of the eye iris.
A cut in the iris and sclera.
A surgery carried out on iris to form an artificial pupil.
pigmented, contractile structure of the eye that is perforated by pupil
A round membrane of the eye having pupil at the center.
Something related to the eye iris.
inflammation of the iris of eye
Swelling of the eye iris.
Food or supplement composed of salts of iron.
anaemia caused by decreased iron level in the body
A anaemia which is formed due to lack in the body iron content.
a metal tank used for artificial respiration
a metal machine used for artificial respiration which encloses whole body except head
To carry out treatment using radiation
exposed to radiations for treatment
The process by which the surface is exposed to radiation.
Which is not rational.
Which is illogical or absurd.
Which are not based on clear thought or reason.
Somebody lacking understanding and being illogical.
Which is not capable of being taken cognizance.
Which cannot be recovered.
Such amount of loan outstanding which is considered not recoverable.
Loans of temporary nature which cannot be recovered.
Which have no date of redemption (which cannot be recovered).
Bond which has no date for repayment and intended to be a permanent debt.
Money which is not convertible into gold or silver at the pleasure of the holder.
Preference shares which are not redeemable.
A share which cannot be exchanged for money.
which cannot be reduced or restored to a desired, smaller or normal form
Something which is very difficult to make normal.
A protrusion of tissue from its cell wall which cannot be brought to normal.
This is a binary relation in mathematics in which no element is related to itself.
Which is not regular.
Something which has irregular shape.
Refractive power which increases or reduces unniformaly from median to another of the due to irregular cornea shape.
Endorsement which does not confirm to the rules.
The state of things which do not confirm to the accepted rules.
State of being irregular.
the property of being irregular
the condition in which pulse is not in regular rhythm
Irregular expansion and contraction of the artery.
This term is for something unrelated to a matter being considered.
Which is not related to the matter in hand.
Who does things carelessly without thinking consequences.
One who is not responsible.
Somebody who cannot be revived.
unable to be reversed
Which cannot be changed or withdrawn.
Which cannot be cancelled or modified.
A beneficiary who cannot be changed or replaced.
A type of documentary credit which provides for negotiation but excludes the liability of the drawer.
To spray or flush something with fluid.
to wash a body part with water or medicated fluid
Act of washing or cleaning something with liquid.
A scheme which provides for irrigational facilities.
This the artificial application of water to the soil to produce plant growth and cooling the soil and atmosphere.
Construction work relating to irrigation.
excessive sensitivity of a body part to a stimulus
the property to react to a stimulus
Something showing the property of excessive excitation.
Something which is very sensitive to a stimulus.
Something which leads to the effect of irritation.
a substance which causes irriation in one part of body in order to relieve irritation in another body part
producation of inflammation or soreness of body part as a reaction to something
A condition where part of the body gets rough or swells on account of injury.
Something which is associated with irritation.
Something which bursts through.
decrease in blood supply to a body part, generally caused by obstruction of blood vessel
Less blood supply to a particular body part on account of blocked artery.
Somebody effected by lack of proper blood supply.
heart disease caused by decreased blood supply to heart muscle due to obstruction of coronary artery
a heart disease characterized by reduced blood supply to heart, usually due to coronary artery disease
Related or situated at the lowest of the bones of the pelvis.
Disease where the hip bone joint gets swolen.
Related to bones which are involved while sitting.
Hurting or pain in the hip bone.
Lowermost portion of the 3 bone structure of the pelvis.
Bulging out of the intestine from the sciatic faramen.
Showing the absence of sweating process.
Something related to ischium and capsular hip ligament.
The muscle present below the perineum in both females and males.
Protrusion of the part of intestine from the sciatic faramen.
Something related to coccyx and ischium.
A muscle formed from ischium and sacrospinous ligaments.
Something related to ischium and the femur.
Something related to ischium and fibula.
The swelling of the ischium.
Twins which are fused at the hip portion.
Something related to ischium and rectum.
Something related to ischium and vertebral column.
The bone which is a part of the pelvis.
Something related to ischuria.
Act by which urination is suppressed, resulting from blockage or kidney disease.
Telephone calls made overseas.
A group of cells or seperated pieces of tissues.
A smaller group of particular tissues along with the other tissues.
any of the groups of cells scattered throughout pancreas and performing endocrine function
A group of insulin producing cells.
Showing same characterisitc with respect to particular species.
an antibody present in serum of an individual that causes clumping of red blood cells of another individuals of same species
An antibody produced in the body which results in clumping of cells of another individual.
Antibodies which are produced by the body fighting against all oantigen produced by organisms belonging to same species.
A type of substance that produces antibodies and produced by organisms of particular species.
Having both parts identical on each side of axis.
Cells in body which are same in size and characteristics.
Something related to having unvarying color.
Something that gets stained in the same degree by the same stain.
Something which takes place at a particular time.
Condition of two pupils being in same size.
A bending line that shows the position of cost being equal.
The presence of cells of equal height and size.
A condition of fingers or toes being of the same length approximately.
Having equal diameter value throughout.
Something having equal magnitude of force.
Something having the property of same electric potential.
something which is active equaly.
Gametes which are same in size, sex, shape, form.
A gamete that is identical in size and structure with the one with which it unites.
Fusion of two gametes or cells which are alike.
Fertilization between two identical gametes of equal size and structure..
Showing similarity in origin.
Something which has same genes.
Possessing identical genetic composition.
Something having same origin.
Possessing metarhabdions at the same level.
Transplantation of tissues or organs from one organisms to another belonging to same species.
Increase in the no of white blood cells.
Decrease in the number of white blood cells.
To be kept away from others or seperate from others.
Made sepearte from others.
Post which is separated from a group / cadre.
Series of mountains which is separate from whole.
The process of seperating or isolating.
social separation of some persons having contagious disease, to prevent spread of such disease
A population or group separated from other population or group.
Any device which absorbs a vibration or noise.
Compounds having similar composition of atoms but having different arrangement.
Something which exhibits isomerism.
A relation of compounds exhibiting isomeric property.
To form an isomer from other.
Having floral whorls with equal numbers of parts.
Having equal measure and dimensions.
It is a form of graphical projection which visually represents three dimensional objects into two dimensions.
Having equal refraction values in the human eye.
Having identical appearance.
This is a lattice for which the operations meet to distribute over each other.
Chemical compounds having identical crystal structure.
Same in structure but having different ancestors.
A treatment carried out on the infected organ by using the product of same organ but from a healthy individual.
The magnitude of tension in the eyes vetrical muscle.
The boundary line that shows the position of product being equal.
Order of termites in taxonomy.
Having male as well as female sexual characteristics.
Something in condition of constant temperature value.
Having equal values of osmotic pressure.
denoting solutions which have same concentration of solutes and same osmotic pressure
Having same osmotic concentration.
A process where tension remains same but the muscle length reduces.
Contraction of muscles where the muscle length changes but tone remains constant.
denoting elements having the same atomic number but different atomic masses
Atoms having different mass number but same proton number.
Having same properties in all angles.
An enzyme that differ in polymorphic state but catalyze the same chemical reaction.
Point or topic in question / problem.
blood or Pus that tends to come out form wound etc.
A condition of consistent flow, pass out, or giving out.
An act of getting out, or leaving out or moving out from something.
When security is being offered at a price below the nominal value.
When share are being offered at a price more that the nominal value of the shares.
That portion of the authorised capital which has been issued to the shareholders and paid by them.
Debentures which have been issued.
A diary where record of outflow is kept.
The process of managing the issue.
When many new issues of share are on offer in the market.
A note prepared on matters covering issue.
The process of granting official permission for a licence.
Giving out or circulating notes of new series.
An order releasing payment (s).
The process of issuing goods from godown.
an order prepared for issuing goods.
The price stated on a prospectus or offer of sale at which the public may offer to buy the shares.
The price stated on a prospectus or offer of sale at which the public may offer to buy the shares.
Rate at which share are issued.
Register where record relating to issue is kept.
Send out today.
A kind of ticket / authorisation which can be used for issue of something.
A process or entity which has been given authority to issue (something like shares etc.).
A bank which has been given authority by the applicant to issue credit in favour of a person named as beneficiary.
A financial institution which is engaged in arranging public issues of shares etc. for their clients.
A surgical operation that is carried out on the thyroid gland.
Swelling of the portion which is located at the base of the tongue.
a narrow antomical structure that connects two relatively larger structures or cavities
A connecting structure between to different parts or organs.
Narrow tissue that connects two organs or structures.
an irritating sensation in the skin that arouses urge to scratch
an unpleasant sensation in the skin that evokes the desire to scratch
A feel of irritation on the skin which makes you scratch.
An erritated feeling which tends to scratch the skin.
a parasitic mite which causes scabies
Minute parasites which tend to effect the skin and cause itching.
A single item in a list.
The process of setting aside money for some special purpose under different items.
Items which can be adjusted.
Items which are enroute - not yet reached at destination.
Different single items appearing in the list of liabilities.
List that is according to items (categorised as per items).
Such services which are largely based on the information technology.
A mascular passage which tends to connect two different organs or portions.
Something related to the connecting cannal like structure.
It is a iterative design group works to make the system user friendly.
Trader who sells his goods by travelling from place to place.
Worker who does not stay for long at a work place.
Worker who does not stay for long at a work place.
A list of places to be visited in a journey.
A hard teeth like structure present in mammals.
A skin infection which is caused by parasitic ticks.
Something caused by ticks.
Genus in the family Rubiaceae consisting of ornamental tropical evergreen trees and shrubs.
A plant leaf which yields midicinal oil
a fixed bandage which surrounds the body to immobilze the spine
A support which is normally given to the upper part of the body.
The process of increasing prices.
An irregular appearance of the skin or hair.
In Jaggies image begins to loose its sharpness.
A fever transmitted by fleas or lice with fever like symptoms.
Tendency of the stock market to rise between 31st December and first week of January.
Genus of shrubs and vines of family Oleaceae, mostly grown in the garden.
Genus of family Euphorbiaceae, containing containing 27 - 40% oil in the seed.
yellowish discolouration of skin, sclera and other mucous membranes caused by increased bilirubin level in blood
yellowish staining of skin, tissues and body fluids due to deposition of bile pigments
A disease which tends to turn tissues yellow in color and is because of the excess bile deposition in blood.
A appearance which is seen in babies which make them look yellow.
A part of mouth which helps in opening and closing of it.
Bony structure used for grasping and chewing, at the entrance of the mouth.
A bone which makes the jaw.
A bone of the jaw.
A reflex which is checked inorder to find out the functioning of the trigeminal nerve.
sustained spasm of jaw muscles resulting in inability to open mouth, generally an early sign of tetanus
Upper part erix, below the diaphragm.
The section in the middle of the intestine.
Swelling that occurs in the mid portion of the intestine.
Swelling that occurs in the mid and last portion of the intestine.
the part of the small intestine between duodenum and ileum
Is the center most portion of the intestine.
a soft, semisolid, translucent solution
Material which is semi solid and colloidal and uses as a base in medicines for local application.
To endanger or to invite risk.
a sudden quick thrust or pull
sudden involuntary muscular contraction due to reflex action, generally following percussion of its tendon
A movement of muscles that occurs suddenly without an act.
A movement that occurs without ones own will.
A family of trees which has a rich medicinal value.
A liquid mixing instrument used for spraying plants and trees.
Things that are thrown from a ship in the sea.
The heavy goods which have been thrown overboard to lighten the ship.
A breakwater constructed to protect a harbour.
Items made of precious stones / metals etc. that you wear for decoration - ornaments.
A flea which tends to suck blood form the humans causing great discomfort.
Jitter is a fluctuation in a transmission signal or display image.
Specific piece of work or task.
To prepare detailed description of the work (job) after careful examination.
To prepare detailed description of the work (job) after careful examination.
A middleman who arranges deal between two parties.
The margin of profit or commission the jobber gets in a deal arranged by him.
The margin of profit or commission the jobber gets in a deal arranged by him.
The work relating to undertaking small / miscellaneous jobs / specific work.
The work relating to undertaking small / miscellaneous jobs / specific work.
A market where jobbers are actively involved.
A place of work (shop) where small pieces of work are done / undertaken for different people.
Card that shows that somebody is engaged for particular type of work.
Card that shows that somebody is engaged for particular type of work.
Arranging the job in classes.
A sheet prepared for showing / calculating job outlay (cost).
Ledger maintained for keeping record of cost of the job.
Which provides details about the job (work).
Improving quality of job.
Ascertaining the value of job / work.
The thing that contributes to the result of job.
No further recruitment.
To arrange in grades.
To chase for job.
Who is without a job.
Collection of miscellaneous items.
Act of measuring job.
Which is directed towards job.
Providing opportunity for job.
The expectation of a job.
By rotation changing the work.
Job that brings / gives satisfaction.
The state of being protected in job.
Description what is required in the job.
Details of work which is required to be done.
To gain more knowledge about the work.
The speed with which employees are changing job.
Work done and paid for by the job.
That constitute a specific task of small nature.
A group of sensory cells found in the pedicel of the antennae in Insecta.
To become part of the workforce.
To participate in some event.
To bring together / put together.
The date when duty is joined in a job.
Date on which some one has started working.
Date on which some one has assumed work / duties.
Pay granted for joining period of the job.
Time period granted / allowed to be present on duty.
Time allowed to join duty.
A period of time during which someone is not on actual job but may be in transit or preparing for joining.
A report that is required to be submitted when some one reports for duty.
A report that is required to be submitted when some one reports for duty.
Usually a time period allowed for joining duty on transfer.
Pay admissible for the joining time.
A place where two things or parts of some object are joined together.
Which is shared by two or more people or group.
A part which connects a fixed or movable part of the skeleton to another portion.
a place of union of two or more bones
An account opened by a banker for two or more persons.
When a promissory note is made by two persons then they are jointly and severally liable on the note.
A promissory note that has been executed and which gives right of action against each signatory may - be jointly or severally.
An annuity payable throughout the life time of two people and continuing until the death of the survivor.
The same application signed by two persons.
Attestation done by two persons jointly.
Two or more auditors together in an audit.
An account opened in a bank by two or more persons.
Person who derive benefit along with the other person.
A cadre created by joining two or more cadres.
The capital which is contributed jointly by more than one person / entity.
A committee constituted with two or more groups or people.
To which two or more persons have agreed together.
Consultations which are shared by two or more.
A committee constituted for consultation which is joined by different groups / organs of an institution.
Those who have been entrusted to keep something jointly.
Those who have been made debtors jointly for some loan / debt.
A judgement / order of the court issued against more than one person in joint capacity.
Persons in whose favour court order has been issued in joint capacity.
Discussions which have taken place between two or more persons.
Members of a family (Mother, father their parents and children etc.) who live together under one roof.
The property that belongs to the joint family as defined in Hindu law.
When land and other resources are pooled together for the purpose of undertaking agricultural operations.
Funds which are contributed or controlled by two or more persons.
A business establishment that is constituted and governed by joint Hindu family laws.
The declaration which is signed by the joint holders of an account.
Piece of agricultured land that is hold jointly by two or more persons.
Staff engaged in intelligence work when drawn from different agencies.
Where the joint debtors can be sued jointly or one after another.
A policy issued by an insurance company annuity in respect of which is payable to the joint holders or whosoever survives on the vested date.
Life policy which provides cover for two or more person.
Moving unitedly together.
Doing something unitedly as also separately.
An entity like partnership which is not a separate entity from its partners so the partners are jointly and severally liable of all acts done by any one of them.
A note written by two or more person.
Those who own some property etc. jointly.
The proprietary rights which are in joint names.
More than one person who have joined together in a petition / case etc.
Staff engaged in work relating to joint planning.
Property or something which is hold or owned jointly by more than one person.
A plan of action or project which is being implemented or sponsored by more than one agency.
A promise that has been made by more than one person jointly.
Person who has joined the other person for giving a promise.
Representing more than one organisation at a time.
A statement made for conveying opinion by two or more persons together.
A proposal that has been submitted / passed by two or more (bodies / group etc.).
Responsibility (making accountable) assigned jointly to more than one.
Returns which provide information or where data on more than one subject are consolidated.
Profit in a transaction which is earned jointly.
A combination of public and private sector.
A combination of public and private sector.
A share which is registered / hold in more than one name.
The amount of capital that is contributed by a group of persons jointly.
Bank whose capital is partnered (public and govt. etc.).
When members pool their risk and trade on joint share basis.
Companies having shareholding by general public.
Any company that has a quotation on stock exchange - its shares are owned by public.
Inspection of work assigned to more than one person.
The status of tenants where more than one person together rents property.
When more than one person rents together property / land from the land lord.
The rate that covers more than one type of lending etc.
Any trading / industrial etc. activity being carried out on parternership by more than one person.
A book where all business transactions are recorded initially.
A written record of things that happen each day.
Initial book of entries and the book where those entries are posted in a classified manner.
An entry recorded in the journal.
The process of entering the transaction in the journal.
Person who writes / works for newspaper.
Journal proper means proper record of all the transaction in the business.
Totals done in the initial book of transactions.
Trip from one place to another.
Journey undertaken while on tour.
Journey undertaken while moving on transfer.
Time spent in journey.
Special celebrations on occasion of completion 25 yrs, 50 years and so on (Silver jubilee, Golden jubilee etc.).
ability to understand or analyze particular condition and to take decision
A lender who has obtained an order / decree of the curt against a debtor for payment of debt.
A loanee whose case has been decided by the court in his favour.
A loanee whose case has been decided by the court in his favour.
An official decision pronounced by a judge of a court.
Which is as per law.
connected with a court of law.
Custody which is under the authority of law officers.
An account of deposit that has been opened as per desire / order of the court.
Enquiry to be conducted by judicial officer.
Enquiry which is enforced by law.
Where accused is kept for the time being under judicial custody.
A notice that has the force of law.
Powers for conducting judicial proceedings.
A previous example of the court order / judgement in the similar case.
Discussions or proceedings of conduct in the court during the cause of hearing of the case.
A series of steps one is required to take in judicial matters.
An official statement / decision given by a judicial officer.
A cadre of service, serving judiciary.
The whole group of judges in the country that from judicial system.
Which has been judged wisely.
The use of resources in a prudent manner.
Something related to jugal bone.
Is a bone which forms a part of the skull.
An organic compound resembling quinone found in the Juglandaceae family and are toxic to many plants.
Related to throat.
An enlargement of the nerve cells which comprises of nerve cells.
A sort of depression that can be seen in the human anatom near to the neck.
A triangular process which is situated lateral to the occiputal bone.
Veins which bring deoxygenated blood from head to the heart for oxygenation.
The lower throat just above the breast.
a bodily secretion, generally used in digestion
A fluid naturally contained inside plant or animal tissue.
Bonds which are high rate bonds.
Junction
meeting place of two or more anatomical structures
The point or surface of union of two parts found mainly bones or cartilages.
Severe form of malaria occurring in tropical regions
A severe form of malaria or yellow fever.
Who is lower in rank.
A grade in administration which is subordinate.
Bonds which are considered below the normal grade of bonds.
A clerk in lower rank.
Two or more names for the different taxon.
Enjoying low position.
The state of being junior.
Who is at the bottom of seniority ladder.
A scale (of pay) given to low rank employees.
Two or more names for that same taxon.
The scale of pay applicable to junior staff.
Bonds which may offer higher return but their real value may be doubtful.
Bonds which are regarded as of little value.
The law degree provided by most American law schools.
The territory to which authority extends.
The extent of authority (legal or otherwise).
Official power within which one can operate.
Permissible limit to which account can extend.
Responsibility relating to jurisdiction.
Dispute relating to jurisdiction.
The science or philosophy of law.
the science that deals with theory and philosophy of law
Broth
What is morally right.
Upholding of what is just.
Title of a judge expressing respect.
That can be proved just.
Which is regarded as lawful.
An acceptable reason for doing something.
The reason provided to prove something just.
Demonstrate correctness of something.
To prove to be just.
Price which is proper and reasonable.
A natural fibre produced from the family Tiliaceae and can be spun into threads.
Items manufactured from an Indian plant or its fibre.
Methyl ester of todomatuic acid derived from the balsam fir and can stifle insect reproduction and growth.
Young person not yet adult.
of or related to children or young individuals
pertaining to or acquired during childhood or youth
A stage of development just prior to the adulthood.
A young offender.
A court for trial of children below the age of legal responsibility.
Criminal behaviour of young offender.
Tendency of committing criminal by young.
a child who performs illegal acts
A hormone produced by the corpora allata in insects that controls development and regulate the production of eggs in the female 's ovaries.
Who has committed offence in young age.
A substance that inhibit larval development in insects.
The cells in the kidney that synthesize, store, and secrete the enzyme renin.
Placing or arranging things side - by - side.
Next to the urinary bladder and also called perivesical.
A chemical substance produced by the organism that benefits another organism which comes in contact with it.
Imperfect or disordered nutrition or cacotrophy.
an infection caused by protozoa of genus Leishmania characterized by fever, weight loss, anemia, mucosal ulcers and swelling of the liver and spleen
A deadly disease caused by the parasitic protozoa Leishmania donovani that is transmitted to humans by the bite of infected female sand fly known as Phlebotomus argentipes.
It is known as Pot or weed.
Latin name of potassium is kalium, which is the origin for the element 's symbol, K.
An immature normoblast.
Characteristic of mitosis involved in nuclear division.
The division of nucleus during cell division.
The division of nucleus during cell division.
The study of chromosomes comprises of their shape, banding patterns, number.
The branch of science that deals with the functions and structures of the cell nucleus and whole set of chromosomes.
The liquid inside the nucleus of the cell.
The dissolution of cell nuclei happen in the dying cells.
Relating to karyolysis.
Areas within a nucleus that contain only clear fluid.
Fragmentation of a nucleus with scattering of the pieces in the cytoplasm.
The number and appearance of complete set of chromosomes in the eukaryotic cell.
The chemical process that occur within living organism resulting in production of energy.
A condition marked by changes in muscle tone or activity referred with a large number of serious mental and physical illnesses.
An antiseptic.
A positively charged ion that is attracted to the cathode in the process of electrolysis
a kidney - shaped bowl used in hospitals
Who is egar to know.
To make arrangement to insure against loss or damage.
The process of maintaining accounts.
A scar that is not known when to stop.
Fever characterised by the symptoms like chills, achiness, listlessness, a flushed face and even shivering.
An abnormal fear of large, empty spaces.
A toxin produced in the bodyduring activity which causes fatigue
Pain in the cornea.
A thinning and even herniation of the cornea.
Removal of part of the cornea.
Horny look.
Fibrous structural protein of hair, nails, horn, hoofs, wool, feathers, and of the epithelial cells in the outer layers of the skin.
Extremely strong protein which is a major component in skin, hair, nails, hooves, horns, and teeth.
A fibrous structural protein found in reptiles, birds, amphibians, and mammals.
Composed of or containing keratin.
inflammation of the cornea characterized by blurred vision and watery painful eyes
An inflammation of the cornea in which the domed, transparent circular portion of the front of the eyeball that lies over the pupil.
Hernia of the cornea.
Inflammation of the eye involving both the cornea and the conjunctiva.
A progressive eye disease in which the normally round cornea thins and begins to bulge into a cone - like shape.
A bulging forward of the cornea.
Relating to the growth of cells that form horny tissue.
A rare condition in which the cornea is enlarged, protruded and globular in shape.
Corneal tissue type.
Resembling corneal tissue or horn.
Inflammation of the cornea and in the iris of the eye.
Softening with separation of the stratum corneum of the epidermis.
A skin disease characterized by a periodic shedding of the epidermis.
A horny tumor.
An area of hard skin that usually called a callus.
an eye condition due to vitamin A deficiency characterized by dryness and ulceration of the cornea
It is a rare eye condition occurred in drying and clouding of the cornea due to vitamin a deficiency and insufficient protein and calories in the diet.
Any instrument which is designed for cutting the cornea in cataract operations.
It is a medical instrument that eye care professionals use to measure the curvature and reflection of the anterior surface of the cornea.
A process which is used to measure the curvature of the cornea.
Inflammatory condition of cornea by a fungus.
a surgical procedure in which damaged corneal tissue is replaced by healthy corneal tissue
Surgical replacement of an opaque of the cornea having the same and shape with a piece of cornea.
Medical instrument to examine the cornea in order to detect irregularities in its anterior surface.
Examination of the cornea with a keratoscope to detect irregularities in its anterior surface.
It refers to the growth of keratin on the skin or disease of the skin due to overgrowth of horny tissue.
Very common harmless, genetic follicular disorder remarked by the appearance of rough bumps on the skin.
Ulceration felt in the cornea.
any surgical incision through cornea
It is the incision of the cornea.
Such transactions which have taken place outside the permitted working hours.
Trading that is done outside stock exchange.
A form of brain damage caused by excessive jaundice.
Symptom of meningitis in which a patient not able to extend the leg at the knee when the thigh is flexed due to stiffness of hamstrings.
Formation of ketone bodies by fatty acid breakdown, as in diabetes mellitus or low - carbohydrate weight - loss diets.
Pertaining to ketogenesis and - ketogenic diet comprise of a special high - fat, low - carbohydrate diet that helps to control seizures in some people with epilepsy.
Diet which is very high in fats and low in carbohydrates.
Any of a class of organic compounds, such as acetone where a carbonyl group linked to a carbon atom in each of two hydrocarbon radicals.
substances produced as by - products when fatty acids are broken down to produce energy
A condition in which abnormally high amounts of ketone bodies are present in the urine.
A sugar in the form of fructose contain one ketone group per molecule in its acyclic form.
A condition in which ketone bodies increses in the body due to imbalanced fat metabolism.
Most important person.
Which is necessary for success.
Something crucial.
Rows of keys on a typewriter / computer etc.
Such branches which are of greater importance to the bank.
A buyer who is valuable and enjoys status of importance.
An essential character.
The currency which is of importance.
An essential factor of any cause.
An industry essential to the carrying on of others.
An industry which is of the utmost importance to the economy of the country.
In telegraphic communications, that portion of the emission during which the active portions of the code character are being transmitted. Also known as marking wave.
The main ledger book.
The amount of loan which is required essentially.
Management of money supply and key aspects of monetary policy.
Map which is of great importance.
Money required for undertaking some specific work.
The theme or the central idea in the speech.
An idea given in the opening address at a meeting that is intended to set tone of the proceedings.
Pest that cause damage to crops frequently.
Pest that cause damage to crops frequently.
Register in which record of keys is kept.
The important sector of the economy.
A significant word used in indexing.
Amount paid to a person illegally to seek some favour.
To carry off and detain a person illegally by force.
any of the pair or organs situated near the spinal column and carrying out formation of urine
Paired organs tht produces urine as their primary function and also maintain proper water and electrolyte balance.
a machine used outside the body that performs the work of kidney as removal of waste products from blood
Condition where the kidneys lose their normal fuctionality which may be due to various factors including infections, auto immune diseases.
They are small, solid crystals that develop when salts or minerals in urine become solid inside the kidneys or uterus.
Power current of 1000 volt.
A relative, relatives.
The sense by which motion, weight and the position of various body parts are perceived.
That part of loan which is disbursed or made available in the form of a commodity and not in cash.
Showing generosity in studying (something * * * * * * *)
The branch of mechanics deal with the study of the motion of a body or a system of bodies without giving consideration to its mass or forces acting on it.
Pain caused due to movement of muscles.
Kinescope is used in televisions and computer monitors.
It is related with kinesthesia which is an illusion of moving in space.
Of, relating to or produced by motion.
The energy possessed by a body due to its motion, equal to its one half the mass of body times the square of its speed.
It refers to the rate of change in a biochemical or other reaction.
A type of graphic recording of the vibrations of the chest wall produced by cardiac activity.
The activities of cells, motile cells.
a large poisonous snake that extends its neck into a hood when excited
longest venomous snake that feeds on snakes and other reptiles and is capable of forming a hood
In biological taxonomy the highest rank.
A form of tuberculosis characterized by swellings of the lymphatic glands.
A bending line representing demand which take a tight curl.
production of a painful spasm of muscle, as in the neck
formation of a curl, twist or bend in the length of a thin, long material
An instrument used to measure movement.
Mouth - to - mouth or mouth - to - nose resuscitation where a person blows gently into the mouth or nose of an unconscious person, allowing the lungs to deflate after each blow.
A set of tools.
Such bills which are created for utilising money as accommodation.
When accommodation bills are raised to accommodate another party without receiving any consideration.
A practice of raising money by getting the accommodation bills discounted or purchased.
Who is in close relation.
Who are friends or relations.
A fund or pool of money for some common use of the group.
a psychological condition characterized by persistent uncontrollabe urge of stealing the objects without any economic motive
It is an impulse control disorder characterized by a recurrent failure to resist stealing.
An obsessive impulse to steal regardless of any economic need.
An exaggerated or irrational fear of thieves or having things stolen by thieves
the joint between the lower leg and thigh
the area of articulation of tibia with femur
The knee joint joins the thigh with the legs and consists of two articulations.
It is a thick, circular - triangular bone which articulates with the femur and covers and protects the knee joint. It is the largest sesamoid bone in the human body.
A prone position where the individual rests on the knees and upper part of the chest, assumed for gynecologic or rectal examination.
the position of the body in which the patient is resting on knees and elbows with chest and abdomen elevated
A prone position resting on the knees and elbows, assumed for gynecologic or rectal examination or operation.
It is the reflex tested by tapping just below the knee causing the lower leg to suddenly jerk forward.
A reflex extension of the leg resulting from a sharp tap on the patellar tendon
A sudden involuntary forward movement of the lower leg that can be produced by a firm tap to the tendon located just below the kneecap.
the joint formed by articulation of tibia with femur which lies between the thigh and lower leg
The knee joint is the largest joint in the body, consisting of 4 bones and an extensive network of ligaments and muscles.
Joint joins the thigh with the leg which consists of two articulations: one between the femur and tibia, and one between the femur and patella.
inward curvature of the leg, causing the knees to touch each other during walking
A sudden contraction of the anterior muscles of the thigh, caused by a smart tap on the patellar tendon while the leg hangs loosely at a right angle with the thigh.
a cutting instrument having a sharp blade
An instrument consisting of a thin blade, usually of steel and having a sharp edge for cutting, fastened to a handle, but of many different forms and names for different uses; as, table knife, drawing knife, putty knife, pallet knife, pocketknife,
To make a garment with threads and needles.
A round handle.
A slang term for the penisor an obnoxious person.
To declare selling of the article to a bidder by a knock with the hammer.
Strong enough overwhelm.
The price at the end of the auction which is generally the highest.
The process of ending the bid for the set of articles for auction.
Condition where the knees are close together and the feet widely separated. Infants are usually knock - kneed during their first few years of walking, but newborn babies are usually bow - legged.
an interweaving of the parts or ends of suture or thread
Practical knowledge to do a new thing.
Technical knowledge of doing something.
Know the way to do something.
Knowledge of process of doing something.
Knowledge of process of doing something.
Something done deliberately.
Which is done deliberately in a wilful manner.
One who knows about something and deliberately does it (generally criminal act).
Well versed with a subject or well informed.
Which has become known and to which one believe.
Something perceived to have happened in reality.
The loss or damage which has actually happened and which is a fact.
A process or method through which relevant information about the customer is gathered.
A gram - negative bacterium Vibrio cholerae that produces a soluble exotoxin, a causative agent of Asiatic cholera in humans.
a deformity of the nails in which they are thinned and concave with raised edges
It is a nail disorder that affects the color, shape, texture, and thickness of your fingernails or toenails and often associated with iron - deficiency with or without anemia.
To hinder the cause or producing sepsis; putrefactive with denoting infection
Small red spots with white centers found on the mucous membranes of the mouth and tongue
Associated with Koplik 's spot where the spots look like a tiny grains of white sand, each surrounded by a red ring.
An intoxicating fermented or distilled liquor originally made by the Tartars of central Asia from mare 's or camel' s milk. It can be obtained from any kind of milk, and is now largely made in Europe.
extremely poisonous nocturnal snake found in Asia
a dried, shriveled condition of the skin or mucuous membrane due to atrophy
Series of enzyme catalyzed chemical reaction that completely oxidize fuel molecules as part of cellular respiration.
A malignant tumor of the ovary, usually bilateral, with fibromyxomatous stroma and scattered mucin secreting signet cells.
a condition in children produced by severe protein deficiency and characterized by thin hair, edema, retarded growth and weight loss
denoting a compound into which a radioactive isotope is incorporated to trace it during physilogic action in the body
Part of some flowers like orchid to attract insects that pollinate flowers.
Of or pertaining to the lips or labia, or articulated by the lips, as the consonants
Pertaining to lip.
Circular cuticular opening that surrounds oral opening.
It refers with the hare - lip.
Labial hernia is the result of a musculofascial defect in the anterior pelvic outlet, through which bulges abdominal viscera.
an infection of the lips caused by herpes simplex virus which results in formation of blisters or sores on or around the mouth
A form of stammering in which there is confusion in the use of the labial consonants
Either of the pair of appendages on the labium.
Any of the projection like sensory bristles present around the mouth in nematodes.
The labia majora are two prominent longitudinal cutaneous folds which extend downward and backward from the mons pubis to the perineum.
The labia minora are two longitudinal cutaneous folds on the human vulva. They are situated between the labia majora, and extend from the clitoris
A liplike structure like that forming the floor of the mouth of certain invertebrates, especially insects.
Small folds of skin located on either side, between the labia majora pudendi and the opening of the vagina
unstable or having the tendency to change
The term has loosely been used to describe a relatively unstable and transient chemical species or (less commonly) a relatively stable but reactive species.
The state or quality of being labile: susceptible to change, error or instability. In Latin labilis means prone to slip, from labi meaning to slip.
A chronic spasm of the lips, interfering with speech.
Inclination of position more toward the lips than is normal; said of a tooth.
Articulated with the lower lip and upper teeth, as the sounds (f) and (v).
An instrument for recording the movements of the lips in speaking.
Comprehending speech by lip movements or the interpretation of movements of head, lips and face as an aid to communication by speech.
That pertaining to the lips and chin or related to the lower lip and the chin.
Denotes to a letter which is both labial and nasal in the production of its sound
It is a plastic surgery of the Labia majora and / or the Labia minora, the external folds of the vulva. The procedure involve changing the shape of the labia
To lay hold of.
a lip or lip - like anatomical structure
Labium and its derivatives are used to describe any lip - like structure, but it often specifically refers to parts of the vulva.
A structure formed by the fusion of secondary maxillae and are present in insect.
Lower lip present in many insects.
One of two rounded folds of integument forming the lateral boundaries of the pudendal cleft.
An external genital organ, is a mucosal fold covering the front part of the vagina. The color of the labium minor is different depending on the individual, but when stimulated it turns a light red color.
to incorporate a radioisotope into a compound to trace it during physiologic action in the body
to attach a radioactive substance into a compound to trace it inside the body
The process of expulsion of the fetus and the placenta from the uterus.
A special type of room or building where scientific experiments are conducted.
a place equipped for performance of tests, analysis and experimental study
Accounts relating to laboratory.
Training relating to conducting tests in laboratory.
act of giving birth to a child
A social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages.
A board of judicial officials appointed for hearing appeals in labour related disputes.
The act of arbitrating in labour matters / disputes.
Charges paid for hiring labour.
A collection of rules / ethics for the labour.
The amount of labour that is used / put in for some work.
A contract that covers matters relating to labour.
When labour force is made a partner in the management.
The amount of money spent on engaging labour for an activity or product.
Court where matters relating to labour are entertained for adjudication.
The act of expelling of labour.
Dispute relating to labour where two parties have different views.
Difficult, usually deep, breathing in patients with cardiac or pulmonary disease or disease affecting nervous system control of ventilation.
The quality of labour being competent or efficient.
People who are engaged in physical work.
People who are engaged in physical work.
Where employment seeking people register themselves.
The whole body of workers employed.
The segment of labour or work which is assigned to a particular group of labour.
The duration of working hours for the labourers.
A system where wages are paid for working per hour.
The factor of production which may be in form of physical or mental labour.
Such devices which require large amount of labour to carry out the operations.
Industries which require a large pool of labour to carry out their activities.
Work that may be physical or mental.
People who work for wages.
Laws governing matters related to labour.
The act of law making on labour.
The series of combined activities by labour class for achieving some objective.
A union of labourers formed by them.
An organised group of labourers for particular end.
The proportion of labour deployed with reference to production.
The rhythmic pains of increasing severity and frequency due to contraction of the uterus at childbirth.
pain caused by uterine contractions which are causing expulsion of fetus through vagina during childbirth
A statement showing pay of labourers.
The process of inducing labour from one site or place of work to other site.
The capacity of labour to produce.
Dealings between owners / management and the labourers.
A room in a hospital where women are kept at the time of delivery.
Such means which help saving labour.
The rule that explains that the value of product reflects the amount of labour time needed and its cost.
The period of time labour is supposed to be working.
Labour leaving the work abruptly and change over to other units.
The speed or rate of labour leaving work for joining elsewhere.
An organisation of labours formed to take up their cause collectively.
Activities initiated for benefit of the labourers.
Centres or organisations which are engaged in looking after interests of laboures / and or their families.
A fund created to finance the welfare activities of labourers.
In medicine, a ring of fibrocartilage (fibrous cartilage) around the edge of the articular (joint) surface of a bone. The term labrum is used in anatomy to designate a lip, edge, or brim.
The upper lip present in insects.
a tortuous anatomical structure in the inner ear
a part of internal ear
The internal or inner ear, composed of the semicircular ducts, vestibule, and cochlea.
A procedure to destroy and / or eliminate the contents of the inner ear, namely the membranous labyrinth.
Related to or affected or originated in the inner ear;
An inflammatory ear disorder that involves irritation and swelling of the inner ear.
Surgical incision into the labyrinth of the inner ear
Any whitish, milklike liquid or the scarlet resinous secretion of a number of species of insects.
A resinous substance secreted by most of the species of insects used in e. g. varnishes and sealing wax.
Having irregular margin.
Torn, mangled or wounded, having jagged or deeply cut edges.
Wounds which are torn by machinery, or bites of dogs, horses, or other beasts, etc. They are irregular in shape, seldom bleed much, but often inflame, sometimes mortied.
irregular tear or cut caused by blunt trauma
Laceration is irregular tear - like wounds caused by some blunt trauma.
It is a broad aponeurosis of the biceps brachii which is located in the cubital fossa of the elbow and separates superficial from deep structures in much of the fossa.
It is a triangular hole in the base of the skull located at the base of the medial pterygoid plate.
any of the paired tear - producing glands which are present in the upper lateral portion of the orbit
A tropical Asian grass having white beadlike grains and the grains of this plant, eaten or used as ornamental beads.
A small bone near the centre of the face, situated just within or just outside the orbit, and often perforated to accommodate the lachrymal (tear) duct.
Any of several small ducts that carry tears from the lacrimal glands.
The act of shedding tears or weeping
A slash in a leaf, calyx or petal.
When something is received or given without a promise or work.
Absence of something that encourages people to work.
Where people do not know the process of doing things.
of or related to tears or tear - producing glands
Curved, tube shaped structures connected to the lacrimal puncta, that tears coming from the lacrimal lake drain into.
Lacrimal crest, anterior the lateral margin of the groove on the posterior border of the frontal process of the maxilla.
Fossa in the medial wall of the orbital rim which houses the lacrimal sac.
The lacrimal gland is a bilobed eccrine secretory gland, which is situated in the superotemporal orbit. The 2 lobes of the lacrimal gland, the orbital lobe and the much smaller palpebral lobe, are separated anatomically by the lateral horn of the levator
A process of the inferior nasal concha that articulates with the lacrimal bone.
The upper portion of the nasolacrimal duct into which the two lacrimal ducts empty. Also called dacryocyst, tear sac.
secretion of tears, denoting especially when it is abnormal or excessive
a substance that promotes the secretion of milk from mammary glands
An agent that promotes the flow of milk or galactagogue.
Simple protein of milk obtained from whey used in the preparation of certain foods and in adhesives and varnishes.
Suckling or giving suck.
a mother who is breastfeeding her child
secretion of milk from the mammary glands
The process of milk production. Human milk is secreted by the mammary glands, which are located within the fatty tissue of the breast.
The production and secretion of milk by the mammary glands.
A lymphatic vessel in a villus of the small intestine which conveys chyle from the intestine through the mesenteric glands to the thoracic duct.
Relating to, consisting of, producing, or resembling milk
Lacteus defines as milky.
pertaining to milk.
Related with milk.
Chemical that is formed when glucose is metabolized in the absence of oxygen (anaerobic respiration)
A chemical compound of IUPAC name 2 - hydroxypropanoic acid found in sour milk and in many fruits.
It is one of two anaerobic processes that can be used by a cell to create energy in the absense of oxygen.
Secreting or conveying milk.
Any agent that reduces milk secretion (as given to a woman who is not breast feeding)
Pertaining to, marked by, or promoting milk production; called also galactopoietic or lactogenic.
Bearing or containing milk or a milky fluid; as, the lactiferous vessels, cells, or tissue of various vascular plants. It is also known as lactiferous.
Sugar of milk or milk sugar; a crystalline sugar present in milk, and separable from the whey by evaporation and crystallization. Also known as Lactose.
Prepared with or containing milk sugar.
L. lactis is a Gram - positive bacteria used extensively in the production of buttermilk and cheese.
Feeding or subsisting upon milk.
A retention cyst that results from occlusion of a lactiferous duct. Also called Galactocele.
A drug or other substance that increases the production and secretion of milk.
A series of cellular changes whereby mammary epithelial cells are converted from a nonsecretory state to a secretory state. This process is normally associated with the end of pregnancy and around the time of parturition.
pertaining to production of milk
Inducing lactation or capable of inducing milk secretion.
In relation with milk production.
Used to find out the amount of water in the milk that you are drinking. It works on the principle of specific gravity of milk.
a device used to measure specific gravity of milk
It is milky secretion from the breasts. The term usually refers to milk secretion not due to breast - feeding
a form of sugar found in milk, which consists of glucose and galactose
a diasaccharide found in milk that is a composed of glucose and galactose
The sugar found in milk. The body uses the enzyme lactase to break down lactose into galactose and glucose.
Excretion of lactose or milk sugar in the urine which is a common finding during pregnancy and lactation, and in the newborn, especially premature babies.
Any treatment that depends on a diet consisting exclusively or almost exclusively of milk.
Annual or biennial plant of family Asteraceae having succulent leaves used in salads.
a small pit, hollow cavity or depression
A cavity, space or depression, especially in a bone, containing cartilage or bone cells.
A recess on the roof of the fossa navicularis of the penis, formed by a fold of mucous membrane, the valve of the navicular fossa.
Made of lecuna or lecunas or temporary absence of manifestation as a symptom.
An abscess involving the urethral lacunae
A small or very small lacuna.
Lake
A lake or a small collection of fluid.
The small space between the lids and globe at inner angle.
An equipment for climbing up or down.
A means of advancement.
An annual or perennial plant of family Malvaceae grown for vegetables.
On the left side.
to fall behind or to be relatively slow
condtion of falling behind or being relatively slow
To go slowly in tackling drought which have repercussions.
To fall behind in time gap in things coming one after another.
To fall behind in time gap in things coming one after another.
a condition in which eye cannot be closed completely
An abnormal condition where the eye may not be fully closed.
It is a pandemic disease, coming at irregular intervals, traveling very rapidly, and extending over a vast territory in a very short time.
The economy which is managed without interference.
The economy which is managed without interference.
Policy adopted by government of not interference in business and economics affairs.
A document that allows the holder to pass.
A large pool of liqid or large body of slow and sometimes standing water that occupies an inland basin.
A type of stammering where the speech is almost unintelligble.
A disorder related to speech.
Paralysis of muscles involved in the mechanism of speech.
Lnine of union between the occipital and pariental bones of the skull.
having a disabled limb due to which normal walking is not possible
Which is dull or ineffective.
A thin plate, scale or film of bone or tissue.
A plate like structure.
Refer to lamella or lamellae that comprises of thin layer of bone or tissue.
A congenital cataract in which the opacity only affects some of the layers of the eye lens.
An abnormality which results in disability of walking due to crippling of legs or feet.
a thin, flat layer
A layer or coat lying over another.
A thin plate of bone.
Any of several anatomical structures that have any form of a perforated plate.
Minutely dentate with a layer over another.
A thin pigmented connective tissue layer on the inner surface of sclera of eye.
A film taken by laminagraph.
An X - ray machine which use a technique where tissues above and below the level of suspected lesion are blurred out to emphasized a specific area.
A body section radiography.
Synonym of the orbital plate of the ethmoid bone forming part of medial wall of the orbit and lateral wall.
Flat portion of a bone lies within or closely approximates a vertical plane.
It is smooth and sometimes known as steamline flow, when a fluid flows in parallel layers.
Lamina which is spiral and ridge.
A thin, flat shelf of bone, winds around the modiolus like the thread of a screw.
A layer of loose, pigmented connective tissue on outer surface of the choroid.
Covered with the layer of thin sheet of plastic or metal.
Constructed of layersof material joined together.
denoting a substance composed of thin layers
It is thin sheet of neural tissue which marks the rostral boundary of the original neural tube from which the brain and spinal chord develop.
Coating or a process of creating a laminate is lamination.
the procedure of surgical removal of the vertebral lamina, commonly used for removal of posterior arch
It denotes as an operation of spine for the removal of vertebral bone known as lamina.
Inflammation in the sensitive laminae of the hoof, especially in horse.
a device used as a source of heat or light
Lamp refers to a light source whereas LAMP is an acronym.
A tall pole that supports light.
Nematodes of genus Hoplolaimus that damage wide range of crops.
a sharp - pointed, two - edged surgical knife
a pricking needle used to obtain small amount of blood for test
Lancet includes in surgery with a cutting instrument like scalpel with a double - edged blade.
Sharp and pointed tool.
To stab, pierce, or tear or especially in mediacl use a "lacinating pain".
Characterized with a sensation of cutting, piercing, or stabbing.
The act of taking other 's land under control or possession.
Accounts relating to land and buildings.
A type of tax levied on land.
A plant which needs lot of space of land for installation.
Income from tax imposed as land customs.
The cost that includes all expenses till reading destination.
Persons who own land and other resources belong to prosperous section of the society.
Persons who own land and other resources belong to prosperous section of the society.
Property including land.
Such security which is in the form of landed estate.
The amount of weight of a thing on arrival.
Trading activities which take place near the land border of the country.
An owner or tenant of land.
One who hold or occupies the land as an owner or tenant.
The size of agricultural land which one is holding (Bigha / Acre / Hectare).
A certificate relating to bringing something to land.
The amount paid for the job of landing.
The cost that include all costs / expenses till goods are unloaded from the carrier at the part (excluding import duty).
The date on which landing operations have been carried out.
Agricultural labour who do not possess their own land.
Those who do not have their own land.
Country which is completely surrounded by land.
One who owns and lets land and building to others (tenants).
One who owns and lets land and building to others (tenants).
Prominent feature (mark) of a landscape.
Bank which provide finance against mortgage of land.
Person who own land.
The area of land that someone owns.
To make the land usable again.
Where the record of land holding / pattern of land, crops grows etc. is maintained.
Keeping of information for land regarding size, ownership, crops grown, irrigation etc.
The process of improvement concerning agricultural land, largely relating to size / consolidation, tenancy laws etc.
Steps taken by the state to ensure that maximum possible number of people own or benefited by the land.
The system of registration of land relating to title / transfer of title etc. on the basis of relevant laws / rules etc.
Amount collected by imposing tax on land or its products etc.
Customary course of travel by land.
A form of peripheral polyneritis refered by pain and weakness and sometimes paralysis of the limbs.
The disease caused by nutritional deficiency of ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), formaly occuring in people who had not been to sea results in circular spots, stripes or patches scattered over thighs, arms, and trunk.
Adjustment of pieces of land amongst owners in order to make them more productive / manageable.
The amount of tax assessed on landed property.
Form of right or title under which property is held.
The period of holding or possession of property.
A certificate relating to use of land.
When use of land is changed e. g. using agricultured land for residential purposes.
The estimation of value of the land.
A system of communication, may be written or spoken, used by people of a particular area.
Lack of energy, vitality, interest, physical weakness or faintness
It is a translucent, yellowish - white, soft, unctuous, tenacious substance, is readily absorbed by the skin and thus makes an ideal base for medicinal products intended to be absorbed.
a portable lighting device with transparent sides
a portable case for holding and protecting light
a layer of fine, soft hairs covering the body of fetus, normally before birth
A covering of fine, soft hair as on a leaf, an insect, or a newborn child.
Agent which is lapactic or purgative or cathartic.
It is a prefix means the abdomen or abdominal wall.
It refers to hernia or tumour protruding through or into any part of abdominal wall.
It is the suture of a wound in the abdominal wall which results in strengthening.
It is a telescope - like endoscope through which structures within the abdomen and pelvis can be seen.
It is direct visualization of the peritoneal cavity, ovaries, outside of the tubes and uterus.
a surgical incision into the abdominal wall to gain access into the abdominal cavity
An operation to open the abdomen.
A stone differs from an earth in consistence only but there are some bodies, evidently stony, which contain no earth as the diamond.
A type of a mouthpart in the insects for lapping liquids along with intact mandibles.
A minor slip.
A minor error.
Deposit which is not in use / operation and has been seized.
A deposit that has became invalid after termination of tenure and has been seized.
Deposit which has neither been renewed or payment taken after due date hence became invalid.
Policy which has fallen into error and is disused now (mostly by non payment of premium).
The process of invalidation when deposit has neither been renewed nor obtained payment after due date.
The rendered fat of a pig, and it can be used in cooking and baking.
Fat from the abdomen of a pig, especially as prepared for use in cooking or pharmacy.
resembling soft, white, semisolid fat obtained from hog
Consisting of, or resembling, lard.
having a relatively great size or amount
Which are big in size and those which are of intermediary size.
Unusually large sized industrial houses.
The portion of intestine between ileum and anus
It is the part of the digestive system where waste products from the food you eat are collected and processed into faeces.
Wealth or money resources in abundance.
Banks which are situated at places where lot of money is available.
Using or involving lot of effort, people, capital etc.
Industry which produces goods on large scale.
Goods which are produced in large quantity.
Transactions which involve huge amount of money or goods.
Large nematode parasite worms of the family Strongylidae, living as parasites in horses and occurs in the cecum.
Such large sized transactions which are coming all of sudden unexpectedly.
a worm - like form of an insect during earlier stages of development
a developmental stage of an animal, that differs greatly in appearance with its parent, such as of fish or frog
The newly hatched, earliest stage of any of various animals that undergo metamorphosis, differing markedly in form and appearance from the adult.
A juvenile form of animal just before metamorphosis.
Concerning insect larvae or in the state of being an insect larva.
An insecticide designed to kill larval pests.
an agent used to kill larvae
A chemical that is used to kill mosquitoes or other like insects when they are in the larval, or immature, stage of the life cycle.
A chemical that is used to kill larvae stage of an insects.
The surgical removal of larynx, or the voice box in cases the larynx is affected with cancer or other malignancy.
A rare condition where an air - filled sac associated with the larynx becomes dilated.
Pertaining to the larynx.
Inflammation of mucous membranes with respect of larynx.
straight rod - mounted mirror that is inserted into the throat to see larynx
A cough reflex caused by irritation of the fauces and larynx or ability to swallow.
The recess in each lateral wall of the larynx between the vestibular and vocal folds and into which the laryngeal sacculus opens.
Sudden laryngeal spasm with crowing inhalation and cyanosis, usually seen in children at night.
To make a loud, confused sound, as winds, waves, passing vehicles, a crowd of persons when shouting together, or the like, in contrast with larynx.
A spasmodic closure of the glottis that lasts a few seconds and is followed by noisy inspiration. Also called pseudocroup.
Of, relating to, or characteristic of laryngitis or affected with laryngitis.
inflammation of the larynx
Inflammation of the larynx, is probably the most common disorder affecting the larynx and voice. This inflammation may be of primary origin or secondary to other disorders.
Operative opening into the larynx, generally through the midline, commonly done for the excision of early carcinoma or the correction of laryngostenosis.
The branch of medicine that studies and treats the larynx, pharynx, and fauces.
Usually diagnosed by direct laryngoscopy which means that a specialist directly visualizes the airway while the child is briefly anesthetized.
Paralysis of laryngeal muscles. Also called laryngoplegia.
Any disorder of the larynx.
A gastrointestinal disorder where acid affects the throat and causes irritation.
Surgical resection or excision of the larynx and the pharynx.
Inflammation of the larynx and pharynx.
The lower part of the pharynx, extending from the upper tip of the epiglottis to the larynx and esophagus
Laryngoplasty is done to rebuild the vocal cords. It is also called Laryngeal Reconstruction. It helps correct the loss of muscle or motion in the vocal cords.
A lowering and mobilization of the larynx, as sometimes seen in the aged.
The branch of medical science that deals with the larynx and the nose.
Flow or discharge in reference with larynx.
an instrument used for examining the larynx
a medical device that is used for observing the interior of the larynx
A rigid or flexible endoscope passed through the mouth and equipped with a source of light and magnification, for examining and performing local diagnostic and surgical procedures on the larynx.
A visual examination below the back of the throat, where the voice box (larynx) containing the vocal cords is located.
It is related to gastroesophageal reflux (GER) and a condition that occurs when the ring - like muscle that normally closes to keep the stomach 's contents from backing up doesn' t work right.
Abnormal narrowing of the larynx.
The establishment of a permanent opening from the neck into the larynx.
A severe and almost exclusively viral infection of the respiratory tract, especially of young children.
It is a contagious respiratory disease which is characterised by gasping, neck extension and conjunctivitis (inflammation of the membrane around the eye).
Abnormal dryness of the laryngeal mucous membrane.
the cartilaginous upper part of the trachea containing vocal cords and forming a part of air passage
the expanded upper portion of the trachea containing vocal cords and used for sound production
The portion of the breathing, or respiratory, tract containing the vocal cords which produce vocal sound. It is located between the pharynx and the trachea and also called the voice box, is a 2 - inch - long, tube - shaped organ in the neck.
Exciting sexual desires or salacious.
A gross form of wickedness that has sexual overtones in many cases.
A powerful beam of light that can produce intense heat when focused at close range.
Emits beams of invisible light which results in sounds or vibrations when the beam encounters an object, so as to alert the user to an obstruction ahead. Weighs one pound, made of aluminum - steel.
Weakness characterized by a lack of vitality or energy.
The balance sheet of the last working period which has been audited.
The date just before closing.
The system under which who comes last will go first.
Which is durable.
The holder who was the last to hold lawfully.
A certificate that indicates the details of last pay paid to the employee.
A certificate that indicates the details of last pay paid to the employee.
Payment which is last in series.
Payment which is final.
Where the ship has to stop at the final lay of its journey.
The price of goods paid when last purchases made.
Such type of annuity which is to be paid to the last survivor.
Arriving after the scheduled time.
No longer alive.
The act of being present late.
Working over the stipulated time.
Which is active but not visible.
Present or potential but not evident or active.
denoting a dormant stage, as in infection
The capital which is in existence but not active or visible.
The energy contained in an object as a result of its position in space, its internal structure, and stresses imposed on it.
The presence of abnormally large amounts of uric acid in the blood without the symptoms of gout. Also called masked gout.
Degree of the total hyperopia corrected by the physiologic tone of the ciliary muscle, revealed by cycloplegic examination.
The time that elapses between a stimulus and the response to it or the time that elapses before the presence of a disease is manifested by symptoms.
the symptoms which are mild or not obvious even if the patient is having infection
Amount which has been paid after expiry of the due date.
the edge of an antomical structure farthest from the midline
A form of sexual reproduction in which two adjacent cells comes together to form conjugation tube.
An area at the lateral side of the body of an organism.
Ganglion present at the lateral side of the head.
Asymmetries of Body, Brain and Cognition.
A sense organ in aquatic organisms which is formed by the nuclei of the fibers of the circular muscles and is used to detect movement and vibration.
The process at the lateral side of the lower end of the fibula, forming the projection of the lateral part of the ankle so the lateral malleolus is more inferiorly placed then the medial malleolus.
The state of being mobile descended from within.
Nerves located at the lateral parts of the body.
Which is moving on or towards the side.
Paired canals in female that connects ovaries with the genital chamber.
Relations with side part.
A paired dural venous sinus that drains the confluence of sinuses, running along the occipital attachment of the tentorium cerebelli and terminating in the sigmoid sinus. Also known as Transverse sinus.
Transfer which is of internal nature (moment in the same cadre).
Vein that extends to the margin of leaves while branching off the midrib.
The 2 lateral ventricles are the largest of the ventricles and irregular in shape. Each consists of a central part, with anterior, posterior and inferior horns.
Date which is coming in the future.
A bending or curvature to one side.
The lateral flanges of abdominal tergum bearing sclerites separated from the median dorsal part found in insects.
Which is the recent one.
The most recent one.
A milky substance extracted from plants.
A milky sap - like polymeric fluid present in all angiosperms.
Liquid extracted from poppy plant.
A condition caused by eating certain legumes from the Lathyrus genus of plants. Some of the spacies involved are Lathyrus sativa, cicera, ochrus and clymenum.
A plant of family Fabaceae mainly grown for feeding purpous.
The cells of angiosperms in which latex is found.
Vessel that conduct latex from one part to another in all angiosperms.
Angular distance towards north or south from equator (Freedom from restrictions).
a fixture used for defaecation and urination
a deep furrow dug in the ground for defaecation
The side or flank and broad or wide.
A deformity of the foot caused by a sinking of the transverse arch.
Which is commendable.
Deserving commendation or praiseworthy.
It is a type of opium drug, made into an alcohol solution or tincture, and occasionally it can refer to any tincture or preparation that contains opium as its main ingredient.
Increase of white or colorless cell in artificial manner.
Plant of family Compositae widely used for its antidiarrhoeal activity.
To introduce formally (new product) in the market.
The process of making illegally earned money legal.
An allowance paid for washing / ironing of clothes.
the washing out of a hollow organ or cavity with water or medicated solution
A laving or washing with water by any means.
A place with toilet facilities.
Giving enema.
rules or principles set by a legal system
a rule or principle
The peculiar characteristics of an estate held by several in joint tenancy.
A situation in which people respect the law.
Person who breakes the law.
Charges for seeking legal advice.
Courts established for administration of justice.
Which is permitted by law and not illegal.
A person entitled in his own name to the possession of an instrument and to receive and recover the amount due thereon.
Money that has been earned in a manner which is as per law.
A person who owns something in conformity with permitted law.
The rule that explains the factors of doing business at constant, cost.
When laws of increasing and diminishing returns are balanced one get law of constant returns.
The law that explains that increasing quantity of the variable input will eventually lead to a diminishing average product.
The rule that explains that with each additional unit of product, the utility that a person draws reduces.
The rule that states about maximum satisfaction out of the expenditure of a given sum can be obtained.
The rule that states that the properties in which two elements separately combine with a 3rd element are also the same.
This rule explains that when every production process has fixed and variable inputs, when fixed inputs are held constant each additional unit of variable input provides a similar benefit.
This law is opposite to law of diminishing returns. It states that each additional variable added leads to a disproportionately high return.
The law or existence of some kind of rule that disciplines / regulates the market.
The expectation of kind of return in assuming risk.
The rule that indicates that goods produced if they are to become goods sold.
The law states that changing input prices will lead to substitute relatively cheaper inputs for relatively dearer inputs.
The rule that describes how the marginal contribution of a factor of production applies.
A rule that explains varying from others of the same general kind.
A legal dispute placed before the court.
Person engaged in giving legal advice.
Lacking in strength or firmness or resilience
Emptying easily or excessively
a substance promoting evacuation of feces
A substance that helps you have a bowel movement and used to relieve and prevent constipation, which occurs when it is difficult to have a bowel movement.
Sense of lacking care.
The quality of being lax and neglectful.
Negligence in inspection of work.
Bring forward for consideration.
Have a stay in bed (for any season).
The record kept for loading / unloading of goods at the ship.
a single thickness of some homogenous substance
One thickness, course, or fold laid or lying over or under another.
The amount of money put down in a deposit account.
An investor who is not professional but has ordinary knowledge in investment related matters.
Discharging employees temporarily.
Stop employing for lack of work.
Act of laying out.
A map or a site plan.
A sketch of things to be done.
An organised arrangement of doing something systematically.
Hospital for persons with infectious diseases, especially leprosy.
Who is reluctant to work or slow moving.
Concentration of a chemical in air which cause death of half the members of a tested population in a given time.
Amount of a toxic material which cause death of half the members of a tested population in a given time.
an aquetic blood - sucking worm of the class Hirudinea
to treat by applying leaches
a poisonous bluish - gray metal
A soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element, bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey.
A bank designated for a particular area to coordinate banking and development activities under lead bank scheme.
Symptom of chronic lead poisoning and associated with obstinate constipation.
Severe colicky abdominal pain, with constipation, symptomatic of lead poisoning.
One who leads.
A leading (main) article in a newspaper (generally editorial).
One who is followed by others.
Who has characteristics of becoming a leader.
The main thing that is indicative of something or some condition with reference to economic and financial variables.
The editorial of a newspaper.
questions which are suggesting desired answers
Rate which is indicative or dominant that determines the trend.
A vehicle which leads the other vehicle.
Localized paralysis caused by lead poisoning especially of the extensor muscles of the forearm resulting in wrist - drop.
The muscles retain only a small portion of their electric contractility, it may be considered certain that the disease will recover easily and rapidly; and even with a complete loss of that property
Used in the context of general equities. Virtually certain that trade will take place; lead pipe cinch which is cotracted.
This is made by boiling litharge, olive oil, and water together, over a slow fire, until they concrete into a plaster.
A medical condition caused by increased levels of the heavy metal lead in the body.
One who has been assigned the principal role in performing some obligations / duties.
The time between starting and completion of a process of doing something.
In botany, a leaf is an above - ground plant organ specialized for photosynthesis.
Plant organ that take part in photosynthesis.
Lowest part of a leaf that is close the petiole and completely or partially surrounds the stem.
Broad portion of a leaf.
A break in the stem vascular tissue through which leaves grow.
Species of family Cicadellidae which feed on plants.
Printed material on a small piece of paper providing information on something.
A part of a compound leaf that is borne on a vein of the whole leaf.
Larvae of lepidopterous and dipterous insects that live in and eat tissue of leaves.
Member of family Tortricidae, the larvae of which rolls leaf of a plant to make its nest.
The scar left when the leaf falls from plant.
A spine which is modified leaf.
Stalk that connects leaf to the stem.
Strands of fibrovascular bundles which extends from the vascular bundle of a stem to a leaf.
To disclose intentionally something which is supposed to be secret.
The result of leaking or the process of leaking.
The income which is going out with no tangible result or return.
The income which is going out with no tangible result or return.
Opium which is leaking.
a substance entering or escaping from a place through a small opening by mistake or fault
To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating; as, she leaned out at the window; a leaning column.
Period of scarcity.
To move quickly or abruptly from one condition or subject to another.
A year occurring once in four with 366 days in that year.
Knowledge acquired by study.
Which can be given / allotted on lease.
A right to use other 's land or building for a specified period.
Process under which one allow other person to occupy his land or building for some time on agreed terms.
An account that is maintained for recording adjustments in lease related transactions.
Such assets which are given / taken on lease.
An agreement which covers two parts one is leasing the property which at a later stage may result into sale on term as agreed to by both the parties.
Residential accommodation which has been obtained on lease.
Such type of assets which are acquired or given under the system of lease.
A written contract by which a person or firm acquires the right to use an asset for definite period for payment of rent.
A ship which has been acquired on lease.
An account maintained to even up the lease related entries.
Leave which is for entire period of life.
Lease hold is a type of right available to lease to use a property for a specified period by paying some amount.
Lease hold is a type of right available to leasee to use a property for a specified period by paying some amount.
The land or building which is held under a lease.
The building and property which has been given or taken on lease.
Building which has been obtained on lease basis.
The person who is holding property on lease.
The person who is holding property on lease.
The person having a land or property in possession by way of a lease.
The land which has taken or given for use and possession on lease basis.
Collateral interest in real property leased by the borrower.
The property which has been taken or given on lease.
A system under which right is available to lessee to use a property for a specified period by paying some amount.
The act / process of holding property or land under a lease.
The act / process of giving property or land on lease.
When rent for the leased property is required to be paid in cash.
When agricultural land is given or taken on lease on the basis of sharing of crop between the tiller and the owner of the land.
A contractual arrangement by which a firm or a person acquires the right to use an asset for payment of rent for specific period.
The amount which is received while giving property or land for use by another person.
A system of allowing others use of property for a specified period on payment of some amount.
A lease where period is not mentioned.
The process of giving or taking land / building on lease.
Companies which are engaged in the business of leasing.
Permission to be absent from duty.
to go away from something
An account maintained for leave.
An account maintained for leave.
A system of allowing other person to use the property with no rights conferred on him.
Leave available for accidental purposes.
Leave which have been exchanged for something.
Leave in form of compensation.
Leave that has been converted from one form to another.
Which is received in return of services rendered.
To exchange leave for cash.
Leave admissible under exceptional circumstances.
Leave admissible when treatment taken as indoor patient in hospital.
Leave admissible during maternity.
Leave admissible in sickness.
Leave which is not available as it has not been earned so far.
Permission to be away from work.
Leave granted as average pay to be calculated as per rules.
Leave during which full pay is not granted on average (for some specified period) is taken.
Leave which is admissible on half of the average pay.
Leave which is admissible on half of the average pay.
Leave admissible on production of a certificate from competent medical practitioner.
Leave which can be granted for looking after personal matters.
Leave which is admissible as quarter average pay.
A type of leave admissible under ordinary circumstances.
When the loan liability has not been met in full.
Staying on leave for more than the number of days for which leave has been granted.
Leave which is admissible prior to retirement.
Leave admissible as special right.
Leave admissible for preventing the spread of disease.
When a person is recalled from leave (by cancelling leave).
Leave which has not been sanctioned.
Person whose services are utilised when someone is on leave.
Rule relating to leave.
Rules framed for governing leave matters.
Rules relating to leave which have been re - examined and improved.
Rules governing sanction of special leave.
Rules governing sanction of study rules.
Salary admissible during leave.
Contribution made by the employer for leave salary and pension fund.
Certificate issued in respect of salary during leave.
Charges in respect of leave salary.
Contribution made by the employer in respect of leave salary.
A type of leave granted in special cases where a person is in disabled condition.
Leave admissible for pursuing studies.
A person who is supposed to work in place of a person who has gone on leave.
The last leave before retirement from service.
End of the leave period.
Support provided (financial) while travelling on leave.
A facility available to employees who spend time away from work to their native place or other destination.
Post that has fallen vacant on account of some one proceeding on leave.
Vacancy caused on account of leave incidence.
Leave which is available with allowances.
Leave period for which no pay is admissible.
Leave is granted but no pay is paid.
Leave during which pay is admissible.
A fatlike substance called a phospholipid and produced daily by the liver if the diet is adequate.
The specimen choosen from among the syntypes as the name - bearing type.
Person who guides in lecture sessions.
A large room where lectures are arranged.
A book that contains a number of accounts in which financial transaction are recorded.
A summary of ledger in writing.
Accounts maintained in the ledger.
Amount that is left over in a account.
Card showing details of the ledger.
Ledger concerning members.
A passage or entry which has been taken from the ledger.
Page number allotted to a ledger account.
Ledger containing record of nominal accounts.
Process of posting transaction in ledger.
Person who maintain ledger.
Ledger where accounts relating to persons are kept.
Ledger meant for personal accounts.
Ledger maintained for purchases made.
Ledger maintained for goods sold.
Ledger containing details of suppliers.
Annelids comprising the subclass Hirudinea. They are freshwater, terrestrial, and marine leeches and are singular in form.
Leeches are hermaphrodites but not all, leeches are hematophagous and are plural in form.
Annelids of subclass Hirudinea with segmented body and mostly feed on human blood.
related to or situated on the left side of the body
Of, belonging to, located on, or being the side of the body to the north when the subject is facing east.
the part of lower limb between knee and ankle
the part of the lower limb below the knee
A limb on an organism 's body that supports the rest of the animal above the ground between the ankle and the hip and the groin. and is used for locomotion
Money or property which has been received through will etc. left by someone.
Something handed down by predecessors.
The primary unit of currency before adopting another currency.
A tax payable on the value of estate received through legacy if the value exceeds stipulated limit.
Which is permitted by law.
Absence falling within the province of law.
Action which is as per law.
Who provides advice on legal matters.
Matters relating to or concerned with law.
To help pay for legal advice or proceeding.
A cell (consisting of people) which provides help in legal matters.
The legal aspect of something that gives it a definite form.
The legal aspect of something that gives it a definite form.
Money spent on legal matters.
Documents which have legal value.
Something that is considered in existence as per provisions of law.
Expenses relating to legal matters.
A person who is legally responsible for safety and maintenance of someone.
A person who is legally entitled to property as the legal successor of its former owner (deceased).
To make something lawful.
Which has been made legal.
Access that has been permitted by law.
The state of being legal.
The process of making something legal.
To make something legal.
The state of being liable which is in conformity with law.
According to law.
According to the provision of law.
According to the provision of law.
Something that is obligatory to follow as per law.
Which can be recovered as per provision of law.
Such type of reserves which are required to be provided for / created as per law.
A binding which has a legal force.
Power in accordance with law.
Profession of an advocate.
Person who practices legal profession.
A particular way or course of action for conducting something which is as per law.
Course of action in legal matters.
The system of providing shield against any undue harm by operation of law.
The approval for something which is as per law.
Person who advise on legal matters.
One who represents some one else in legal manner.
The responsibility arising from a legal process.
Something one is entitled to as per law of the land.
The legal condition of something.
The amount in different denominations which is legally acceptable (which cannot refused in payment).
An ambassador.
The receipient of a legacy.
One who receive the legacy.
Hemoprotein in root nodules of legumes that diffuses oxygen for nodule respiration.
Which is clear enough to read (handwriting etc.).
the laws made by a legislative body
the laws that are related to health of public
A body empowered to make legislation.
Relating to legislation.
Work relating to legislation.
The work assigned to a legislative body.
Steps initiated to fulfil legislative obligations.
A legislative actions to correct a wrong.
The legislative body of a state.
The state of being legitimate.
Which enjoys legitimate / logical position.
The quality or fact of being legitimate.
Which is in accordance with law.
A claim which is logically acceptable.
A complaint which is proper.
The person who is legally entitled to property as the legal successor of the former owner.
The person who is legally entitled to property as the legal successor of the former owner.
Rights which are available to a citizen in accordance with provision of law.
Complex organic polymer in woody plants.
A pod, such as that of a pea or bean, that splits into two valves with the seeds attached to one edge of the valves.
Plant species belongs to leguminosae family.
Pertaining to, of the nature of or bearing legumes.
Abnormal smoothness and glossiness of the skin.
Benign soft tissue neoplasms that arise from smooth muscle
the nonflagellated, intracytoplasmic, leishmanial form of certain intracellular parasites
Round or oval bodies found in reticuloendothelial cells, especially those of the spleen and liver, in visceral leishmaniasis.
a disease caused by a protozoan parasite that belong to genus Leishmania and spread by sand flies
Free time - freedom from work.
Those who have ample resource at their command to enjoy life.
A bundle of nerve fibers ascending from sensory nuclei in the spinal cord and the rhombencephalon to the thalamus.
Vitamin C rich fruit plant of Citrus family.
To give money on loan.
The sum of money that can be used / spared by a bank for lending purposes.
One who lends money to borrowers may be a person or an entity.
This is the special feature of the central bank of a country which provides lending support to bank when there is shortage of funds in the market.
The act of providing finance for use in return for interest / charges.
Government which provide funds for lending.
An institution / entity which is engaged in lending operations.
The point beyond which further loans cannot be extended.
The work connected with providing lending facilities.
A design or model of lending facilities.
A blueprint for providing lending facilities and course of action / process to achieve it.
Drawing systemetic projections for providing lending facilities.
The rate of interest at which loans are made available to borrowers.
The entity or institution which is providing loan facilities.
A process of converting loans into grants.
the longest dimension of a thing
an expression of the longest dimension of anything
The total time (period) which one has served.
Being generous.
Sense of mildness.
Inclination towards being lenient.
a transparent, biconvex anatomical structure lying behind the iris in eye, which causes refraction of light
An optical device with perfect or approximate axial symmetry which transmits and refracts light, converging or diverging the beam.
A microsurgical procedure where specialized instruments and techniques are used to remove either a part of or the entire crystalline lens from the eye.
Annual legume of family Leguminosae.
In the embryo, the ectodermal invagination that forms opposite the optic cup; it is the primordium of the lens of the eye
Openings on plant parts to allow air inside.
A bulging of the lens capsule and the underlying cortex.
Pertaining to or shaped like a lens.
Astigmatism occurs when the front surface of your eye (cornea) or the lens, inside your eye, has a slightly different surface curvature in one direction from the other.
An intraocular lens of inert plastic placed in the anterior chamber of the eye, behind the iris, or clipped to the iris after cataract extraction.
Shaped like a biconvex lens or lenticular.
A lentigo, or lentigines (plural), is a small, sharply circumscribed, pigmented macule surrounded by normal - appearing skin.
A leguminous plant of the genus Ervum of small size, common in the fields in Europe. Also, its seed, which is used for food on the continent.
A type of pulse plant of legume family.
Inflammation of the lens of the eye
a face resembling that of a lion due to ridges and furrows formed on the face in some diseases
A bilateral symmetrical hypertrophy of the bones of the face and cranium.
A person who has leprosy.
Taxonomic order of insects under class insecta
an aerobic, rod - shaped bacillus causing leprosy
A hospital for the treatment of leprosy.
A physician who specialises in the study of leprosy.
A fairly well - circumscribed discrete focus of granulomatous inflammation, caused by Mycobacterium leprae.
Relating to, characterized, or affected with lepromas.
Pertaining to lepromas.
a standardized extract of leprosy bacillus used in skin tests to classify the type the leprosy
a hospital for the care and treatment of leprosy patients
Inhibiting to the growth of mycobacterium leprae.
a chronic disease that affects skin, peripheral nerves and mucosa of upper respiratory tract, characterized mainly by loss of sensation
An infectious disease derived from the French work "leper" and from the Greek word "lepros" which means scaly, referring to the scales that form on the skin in some cases
a hospital for the treatment of leprosy patients
Relating to or suffering from leprosy.
Of, caused by, or infected with leprosy
The inflammation of a nerve or group of nerves that is characterized by pain, loss of reflexes, and atrophy of the affected muscles during leprosy.
Appearing decayed, having the appearance of infection by leprosy.
Resembling the physical symptoms of leprosy, especially in being pale or scaly
It relates as thin, fine, slender leptodactylous.
A long thin small - headed transparent pelagic first larva of various eels
The presence of leptocytes in the circulating blood, as in thalassaemia.
A condition which is characterized by inflammation of the leptomeninges.
An individual displaying leptoprosopia.
having a long, a narrow, or a long narrow face with a facial index of 88. 0 to 99 as measured on the living head and of 90. 0 to 94. 9 on the skull.
Having a long narrow, or thin, nose.
A person of asthenic build.
It is a bacterial infection resulting from exposure to the Leptospira interrogans bacterium.
First stage of prophase1 during meiotic cell division.
A group of lagomorphs, members of the Lepus spp. of the family Leporidae.
Lesbian is a term most widely used in the English language to describe sexual and romantic desire between females.
sexual orientation of woman to a woman
A form of sexual orientation referring to homosexual relationship among two or more women who are sexually drawn in to one another.
sexual attaction or sexual activity between two or more women
a pathologic change in the tissue or organ
An injury, hurt or wound.
Wound or localised tissue damage due to infections or injuries.
Migratory endo - parasite causing
Countries which have not developed to the desired level.
A person who holds property by lease.
smaller in quantity, size or value
Person who lets the property on lease.
The amount of dividend which has been paid after deducting tax.
Fixing price which does not even recover cost.
To rent or to lease.
having the capacity to cause death
Of, pertaining to, or causing death which is deadly or fatal.
It is an indication of the lethality of a given substance or type of radiation.
Amount of toxic substance likely to cause death of an organism.
An abnormal genome when expressed causes death.
Gene that causes death of an organism it carries.
A medical condition characterized by drowsiness, slowness, general indifference, or tiredness.
Death.
A communication which may be in written or printed form.
A book where record of all issued letters is kept.
A box installed by postal authorities for collection of letters or any box used for collection of letters.
A card used for writing messages and used as a Letter.
Printed written material with name, address etc.
Letter that conveys acceptance for something.
A letter sent to acknowledge receipt of something.
In case a person who dies intestate, a court on application may appoint a person to wind up the estate. The order issued to this effect is letter of administration.
A letter notifying dispatch of goods, receipt of an item for credit to a customer 's account etc.
A letter that conveys the fact of mutual understanding / accord.
A letter conveying action of allotting.
An application in prescribed requesting for allotment of shares.
A letter authorising another person to act on one 's behalf.
A letter delegating authority.
This is a letter addressed to a bank by a holding company regarding funds to be lent to its subsidiary company.
A letter giving some pledge or undertaking with reference to financial matters.
A letter conveying concurrence about something.
A letter stating status of security which will continue as per arrangement without any interruption.
A letter stating the continuance of some arrangement uninterrupted.
It is a kind of letter of introduction issued by the bank requesting other banks to grant assistance to the customer.
It is a document issued by a banker authorising another bank to whom it is addressed to honour the cheque / bill of a specific amount of a person as per terms.
A document used by security holder to accompany certificates surrendered in an exchange of other things / products / action.
Letter through which a bank gives commitment on behalf of a customer to pay to the third party the guaranteed amount in the event of default by the customer.
A letter given by the borrower to the bank giving bank a pledge over the goods or documents of title to the goods.
A letter in which the indemnifier promise to the lender bank that he will reimburse for goods in case of default by the third party.
A letter that indicates that on complying with the conditions, desired action will be taken.
Letter issued to introduce some person to a 3rd party.
It is a letter to be given by the customer to the bank authorising the bank to set off balance of one account against the other without notice or admitting charge of bank upon the goods.
Letter issued to feel sorry for something.
A letter that indicates the fact of giving up / renouncing something.
A letter that gives right to the bank to set off balance of one account with the other account of the borrower.
A letter giving evidence in support of something.
It is a letter giving the bank a pledge over goods etc. It is another form of letter of hypothecation.
A letter which is given to the bank making some promise in various matters.
Sheets of writing paper fastened together at one end.
Sheets of writing paper fastened together at one end.
Temperate, annual, green salad plant of Asteraceae family.
A waste land weed of Labiatae family.
Protinacious enzyme hydrolyses peptide bond and liberates amino acids.
any of nucleated cells present in blood that help in protecting the body from infection and disease
Generic term for a white blood cell.
increase in the number of leucocytes in blood above the normal range, generally as a result of infection
An abnormal increase in the number of white blood cells in the blood as a result of infection (as in leukemia).
an acquired skin condition with localized absence of pigmentation of skin
an acquired skin condition characterized by patches of unpigmented skin
It is not a medical term, though it has come to mean any white / light coloured skin patch.
a dense white opacity in the cornea of the eye
a white opaque scar present in the cornea of the eye
A white opacity in the cornea of the eye which is also called albugo.
A disease of nail that causes partial or complete discoloration of the nails. Basically, Leukonychia is a hereditary problem.
The state of an albino, or of a white child of black parents.
Having a dropsical habit of body, with a white bloated skin.
A disorder of a mucous membrane characterized by one or more white patches, occurring most commonly on the cheek, tongue, vulva, or penis.
An abnormal condition in which thickened white patches of epithelium occur on the mucous membrane.
Colourless plastids in cytoplasm store the starch..
The process of the production of leucocytes, which normally occurs in the blood - forming tissue of the bone marrow.
Hectic fever
thick whitish discharge from vagina containing mucus and pus cells
An abnormal condition of the reproductive organs of women. If not treated properly in the initial stages, it may become chronic.
The correct term for an excess of leucocytes in the circulation and other parts of the body, preferable in place of the term leucocytosis.
a condition in which an abnormal white thickened patch occurs on oral mucous membrane that cannot be rubbed off
cancer of the bone marrow characterized by abnormal increase in the number of immature white blood cells in blood and other tissues
malignancy of blood - forming tissues characterized by proliferating immature white blood cells
Cancer that starts in blood - forming tissue such as the bone marrow and causes large numbers of blood cells to be produced and enter the bloodstream.
Cell that leads leukemia.
A factor that is known or attributed to be a cause of leukemia.
The process of generation of myeloid cell lines in bone marrow and extramedullary sites.
Causing leukemia which is an acute or chronic disease characterized by an abnormal number of leukocytes or the presence of abnormal leukocytes.
A leukemoid reaction is an increase in white blood cell count similar to what occurs in people with leukemia.
An immature white blood cell formed during the transition from lymphoidocyte to promyelocyte. Also called proleukocyte.
The abnormal proliferation of immature white blood cells, especially in granulocytic and lymphocytic leukemia.
A disease in which the white corpuscles of the blood are largely increased in number.
The formation and development of leukocytes.
The destruction or lysis of white blood cells.
abnormal decrease in the number of white blood cells in blood
The significant reduction in the number of blood neutrophils, although a reduced number of lymphocytes, monocytes, eosinophils, or basophils may also contribute to the decreased total cell count.
An abnormal condition when there is low number of white blood cells in the circulating blood.
formation and development of white blood cells
A form of haematopoiesis in which white blood cells are formed in the bone marrow.
Pertaining to or characterised by leukopoiesis, as manifested by portions of the bone marrow and reticuloendothelial and lymphoid tissues.
The abnormal proliferation of one or more of the leukopoietic tissues.
Incision into the white matter of the frontal lobe of the brain.
Destructive to leukocytes.
Whiteness of the hair in a circumscribed area.
A muscle that serves to raise some part, as in lip or the eyelid.
The height of the surface of a liquid.
The place where rail line is crossed.
The act of making land even or level.
Deviation from the set standard.
A standard set for the credit facilities.
Equal opportunities in conduct of business or work.
Providing equality treatment / opportunity in dealings.
Providing equality treatment / opportunity in dealings.
A rate that does not move in any direction very frequently.
Means of accomplishing a purpose.
To make money available by using a particular method.
A lease that indirectly may mean take over or buy out of assets with controlling interests.
The process of moving up.
Placing force on one end of the lever will transfer to lift the object.
On which levy can be imposed.
The process of grinding an insoluble substance to a fine powder, while wet.
Congenital abnormalities in which the HEART is in the normal position (levocardia) in the left side of the chest but some or all of the THORAX or ABDOMEN viscera are transposed laterally (SITUS INVERSUS).
Amount of tax or punishment.
To impose additional amount by way of tax.
Tax required to be paid on income.
Making someone to pay money by exercising legal process.
The price fixed for raising contribution or compulsory purchase of some goods / articles.
The science of dictionary making.
A dictionary.
The state of being liable or pecuniary obligation.
Liability which is of fixed nature.
The liability that is continuously renewed usually on a short term basis.
The liability which has been brought upon oneself.
Liability which cannot extend beyond a point.
Liability which is yet to be redeemed.
Liability which is to be met over a period of time.
Legally bound for something.
Whose under obligation to perform something.
Who is a link between two.
Credit facilities made available in a generous manner.
Import which have become less strict.
The stipulations which have been made less strict.
Rules which have been made liberal.
A policy which is based on generous principles.
sexual desire or urge
Physiological and emotional energy associated with the sex drive.
A Balance.
The seventh sign in the zodiac, which the sun enters at the autumnal equinox in September, marked thus in almanacs, etc.
A room or a building where bookds are kept stored for reading / reference.
An official permission to do or own something.
A bank which has been granted permission / authority to transact banking business and incorporated under appropriate law.
The permission which specifies ability / capacity to held / contain or manufacture as indicated in the licence.
A godown which has been granted permission for the purpose it is meant for.
The person who possess something.
Official permission to do something.
Having official permission.
The holder of a license.
Fees paid for obtaining license.
Person in whose name license is issued.
The official or authorised person who has granted licence.
The agency or the authority which is competent to issue a particular type of licence.
The guidelines detailing the rules etc. for issue of licences for various purposes.
A person who has been certified to be competent to practice a certain profession.
Forefinger.
Lichens are an extremely successful partnership between a fungus and an alga.
Derived for lichen.
Thickening of the epidermis with exaggeration of the normal creases.
A common inflammatory disease of the skin and mouth that affects about one to two percent of the general population.
A removable or hinged cover for closing the opening, usually at the top, of a pot, jar, trunk, etc.
a thin, movable fold of skin that covers the exposed portion of eyeball
any one of the two movable folds of skin which can be moved to cover the exposed portion of the eyeball
the relationship of long axis of fetus with long axis of mother
A right on property of another person to protect the debt charged on that property.
Right to return to his post
Right to retain debter 's property (with reference to banks).
A legal claim against an asset which is used to secure a loan and which must be paid when the property is sold.
Inflammation of the spleen or splenitis.
Abnormal softness of the spleen or splenomalacia.
Relating to the spleen and the kidney or denoting a ligament or fold of peritoneum extending between the two structures.
Lientery diarrhoea which carries off the food undigested.
Containing or characterized by the passage of undigested or partially digested food that is used of feces or diarrhea.
Working period in an office from joining till retirement.
It constitutes a philosophical question concerning the purpose and significance of existence and / or biological life in general.
The period of existence of an individual or organism or a thing.
A payment made to a person for whole life, who has purchased or contributed towards annuity plan.
A fund created for life annuity.
A fund created to provide life assurance benefits.
Certification that somebody is alive.
A prospective chance of being alive.
The probable remaining number of years an individual is expected to live as determined statistically.
Analytical frame work of behaviour, psychology, ecology, evolution of a organism.
To put in prison for whole life.
In psychoanalytic theory, the instinct of self - preservation and sexual procreation.
A contract in writing with whereby the insured person will pay a stated premium to the insurer and will get a certain sum of money on reaching a certain age or on death.
A fund maintained by the insurer to pay up the claim / debts etc. of insured person.
Amount paid to insurance company for obtaining life insurance.
An interest in a property which continues for life long for self or for the life of another.
A table showing age wise probability of mortality.
A system of irrigating agriculture land by drawing / carrying water upward through some mechanical device.
A band of fibrous tissue connecting two or more bones or cartilages or muscles.
Fibrous bands or sheets of connective tissue linking two or more bones, cartilages, or structures together.
Relating to or of the form or structure of a ligament.
Pertaining to, of the nature of, or forming a ligament.
The complete loss of movement in a joint caused by degeneration and fusion of the bony surfaces related to legament.
The cordlike remains of a structure that has lost its original lumen,
The pia mater of the spinal cord has 21 pairs of denticulate ligaments which attach it to the arachnoid and dura maters which also known as Denticulate ligaments.
Well - developed portion of the supraspinous ligament in the cervical region.
The continuation of the central portion of the tendon of the quadriceps femoris muscle distal to the patella, extending from the patella to the tuberosity of the tibia.
A flat intracapsular ligament running from the femur head to the lower lip of the acetabulum.
Surgery tie up or otherwise close off.
An act of joining together two anatomical structures or chemical chains.
The process of joining two pieces of DNA to a single piece through the use of ligase (DNA enzyme).
Anything that is uesd for binding or tying up such as a band or cord.
Any thing that is used for binding or tying such as a band or cord.
The act of tying or binding.
Of or referring to the electromagentic radiation that is visible to naked human eye.
electromagnetic radiation, particularly radiation of a wavelength that is visible to the human eye.
It allows visual system to operate throughout the vast range of luminance that occurs naturally.
The sensation of decreased weight and abdominal tension felt by a pregnant woman on descent of the fetus into the pelvic cavity prior to labor.
To make light or lighter; illuminate or brighten.
A strike by workers at a short notice or no notice.
Such type of industries which do not require heavy investment or other resources.
Industry which requires low capital.
A flash strike - quickly called strike.
Sudden, sharp painful crises that are idiopathic or elicited by cold and stressants.
The sense by which degrees of brilliancy are distinguished.
Light - sensitive cell uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Light - sensitive detector uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Light sensor photodevice uses the principle of photoconductivity.
A ship equipped with flashing lights.
An electric device used to trap the moths and other insects.
Of the nature of or resembling wood or woody.
Deposition of lignin on cell wall to make woody..
Deposition of lignin on cell wall to make woody..
Complex organic polymer in woody plants.
Woody tissue.
A tongue like mouth part of an insect.
A strap - shaped corolla of flowers of Compositae.
Strap like corolla in ray florets.
Investors having similar interests and opinions.
Investors having similar interests and opinions.
Herbaceous flowering plant of Lilium family.
A part that extends from the trunk of a body.
A major appendage of human or animal, used for locomotion such as an arm, leg or wing.
Of, relating to, or characterized by a limbus.
The edge, border or fringe of the cornea of the eye by which it is continuous with the sclera.
A mysterious dimension that lies between Vana 'diel, Promyvion, and Lumoria.
Of or referring to calcium oxide.
A term referring to a number of different fruits, both species and hybrids, citruses or a fruit allied to the lemon, but much smaller; also, the tree which bears it.
The threshold of a physiological or psychological response.
The smallest members of the true citrus family and native to Southeast Asia or India.
A clear colorless alkaline aqueous solution of calcium hydroxide, used in calamine lotion and other skin preparations and sometimes as an antacid.
Of, relating to, or being an intermediate state, phase, or condition.
The threshold of a physiological or psychological response.
A point beyond which one cannot proceed.
Pertaining to a boundary or border beyond which something ceases.
Limiting.
The process of being limited.
The state of being limited.
An act or state of limiting or being limited.
An act or state of limiting or being limited.
A specific point on which pension is fixed.
Which is confined within certain limits.
Usually type of charitable organisation which is limited by guarantee.
Cheque that is issued with specific limitation of the amount.
A company formed by member as a separate entity by contributing capital whose liability is limited to the extent of amount of capital.
Establishments which are with limited liability.
Written undertaking to fulfil an obligation.
Where the interest is limit.
Coins or bank notes that are allowed to be used as money for a limited value.
Where share holder has a limited liability with regard to company 's debts (to the extent of share holding)
Business establishment which has limited liability.
When items produced are in a limited range of variety.
A partner whose activities are restricted by virtue of his liability to the firm is limited to the capital invested.
The payment which is not in full but represent apart.
Small coins that are allowed to be used as currency restricted to certain value in one time payment.
Referring to something that restricts or limts.
Referring to something that restricts or limts.
Things that prevent the population growing to any larger.
A thin, pliable layer of tissue covering surfaces or separating or connecting regions, structures, or organs of an animal or a plant.
Study of in - land water bodies.
Of or relating to clear and transparent.
Clear, transparent, or pellucid, as water, crystal, or air.
A syrupy liquid medicine, particularly one used in the treatment of irritating coughs.
A set of points that have only length, but no width or height.
A line.
White line or the tendinous median line on the anterior abdominal wall between the two rectus muscles.
Whitish marks in the skin especially ofthe abdomen and breasts that often follow pregnancy
A rough longitudinal line on the back of the femur for muscle attachments.
In the direct line of ancestry.
In the direct line of descent.
A distinctive feature, especially of a face.
Pertaining or related to lines.
Assets which are in the series of directly connected assets.
A fracture running parallel with the long axis of the bone.
The sawing or linear cutting of a bone.
Yard arranged in a line.
A thickened band of pia mater along the midline of the anterior surface of the spinal cord..
A hypothetic line dividing the upper, or false, pelvis, from the lower, or true, pelvis.
Line of cross section.
The order in which authority is exercised.
Size of railway track which is wider than normal.
A line sement that joins two points on a curve.
A diagram of lines made by connected data points which represent successive changes in the value of a variable quantity or quantities.
A rail line that leaves at a point rejoins after a short distance.
Rail line which is of medium size.
A cloth woven from flax yarns.
A cloth woven from flax yarns.
Course of action to be followed for something.
The chain of orders.
An agreement between the lender and the customer under which variety of lending products can be availed of by the customer from the bank.
Hole in the ground in a line.
Line printer means revolving cylinder which acts as the printing element.
Chain of arrangements for attending visitors / guests.
Arrangements under which things are washed / cleaned.
Line which is working.
Of or relating to tongue or a tongue - like structure.
A tongue or an organ resembling a tongue, as the proboscis of a butterfly or moth.
Lingual can refer to tongue, lingual artery, lingual veins, lingual gyrus
A U - shaped bone lying between the mandible and the larynx, suspended from the styloid processes by slender stylohyoid ligaments.
A tumour of thyroid tissue involving the embryonic rudiment at the base of the tongue.
An area in the occipital lobe, the visual processing center in the brain. The lingual gyrus extends to the temporal lobe of the brain.
A vein that receives blood from the tongue and the floor of the mouth and empties into the internal jugular or the facial vein.
Of or relating to a tongue - shaped organ or tissue.
Of or relating to a tongue - shaped organ or tissue.
A rounded fingerlike extension of a plateau on Titan.
A tongue - shaped sequence of flattened cerebellar folia forming the anterior extreme of the cerebellar vermis, extending forward on the surface of the superior medullary velum between the two emerging superior cerebellar peduncles.
An inferomedial projection from the anterior aspect of the upper lobe of the left lung which bounds the cardiac notch inferiorly.
Excision of the lingular portion of the left upper lobe of the lung.
Excision of a lingula.
A medicated liquid that is apllied on the skin for soothing a bruise, sore, or sprain.
A medicated liquid that is apllied on the skin for soothing a bruise, sore, or sprain.
A medicated liquid to be rubbed on the skin for soothing sore, sprained, or inflamed areas.
The act or process of covering the inner surface of something.
Material that lines or that is used to line especially the inner surface of something as a garment.
A thin layer of lining that covers a surface.
A connecting part.
A person that that unites or help contacting.
The state of being linked.
An act or state of linking or being linked.
An act or state of linking or being linked.
Tendency of genes to remain together for generations.
The collective units of people connected with each other.
A system of providing finance and arrangements of its recovery through the sale proceeds of the product.
Link aggregation refers to the use of multiple Ethernet network cables or ports in parallel to enhance the link speed beyond the limits of any one single cable or port, and constant availability of internet service.
An agreement which is connecting part of the main agreement.
Which is a connecting branch.
File which is connecting one.
Act of connecting references with each other.
A system of providing finance in cooperative banks in proportion to the shareholding of the borrower.
Language that unites each other.
An office which is connecting point between two offices and the clients.
A bushy annual plant, with erect, slender stems that grows up to 30 cm in height.
Oil seed plant named Linum usitatissimum of Linaceae family.
A soft material for dressing wounds made of scraped linen cloth.
Fibrous coat of thick hairs covering the seeds of the cotton plant.
One of the two fleshy folds forming the edges of the mouth.
One of the two fleshy folds which surround the orifice of the mouth in man and many other animals.
Visible tactile sensory mouth part of humans and animals.
Of or relating to a condition of having excess amounts of fat and fatty substances in the blood.
The liparia or Macedonian shad (Alosa macedonica) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family.
An enzyme which breaks down fats and lipoproteins into fatty acids and glycerol.
An enzyme that the body uses to break down fats in food so they can be absorbed in the intestines.
Water soluble enzyme that hydrolyses lipids.
Removal of fat by surgery or excision of subcutaneous fatty tissue.
The presence of an abnormally high concentration of lipids in the circulating blood.
The principal structural material that are oily and greasy to touch and insoluble in water and soluble in nonpolar organic solvents like alcohol and ether.
A broad group of naturally - occurring molecules which includes fats, waxes, sterols, fat - soluble vitamins etc.
Group of naturally occurring hydrophobic and amphiphilic molecules.
Presence of fatty tissue, without intestine, in a hernia sac.
A waxy substance produced by the decomposition of dead animal bodies in moist burial places or under water.
A fat - storing stellate cell of the liver and they are classified as vitamin A - storing, desmin - positive cells.
A disorder of fat metabolism, especially involving loss of fat from or deposition of fat in tissue.
Lipodystrophy, also called fat redistribution, is a disturbance in the way your body produces, uses, and stores fat.
The process by which glucose is converted to fatty acids, which are subsequently esterified to glycerol to form the triacylglycerols that are packaged in VLDL and secreted from the liver.
Producing, forming or caused by fat.
Of or relating to a fat or fat - like substance.
An oily organic compound insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents; essential structural component of living cells, along with proteins and carbohydrates.
Of or relating to the breakdown of fats into fatty acids and glycerol by lipase.
The hydrolysis of lipids.
Relating to or causing lipolysis.
A benign tumor consisting of fat tissue.
A benign (non - malignant or non - cancerous) tumour of adipose tissue (fat). It is a soft, localised, well circumscribed, painless swelling located mainly in the subcutaneous tissues of the head, neck, shoulders, hands, legs and back.
Resembling a lipoma, frequently said of accumulations of adipose tissue that is not thought to be neoplastic.
Abnormal localized or tumorlike accumulations of fat in the tissues.
Lipophilic or 'lipid - loving' molecules are attracted to lipids. A substance is lipophilic if it is able to dissolve much more easily in lipid (a class of oily organic compounds) than in water.
A group of conjugated proteinscomposed of a complex of protein and lipid.
The accumulation of abnormally large amounts of fat in the body.
A disorder characterized by abnormal tumorlike accumulations of fat in body tissues.
Soluble in fats or fat solvents.
Absence or cessation of the pulse.
To fall into a swoon or to faint.
An increase of fat in the body.
Regulating or reducing the accumulation of fat in the body or its organs.
Soreness of eyes or the state of being blear - eyed.
A condition of having fats in the urine.
Presence of fat or oil in the urine.
Pertaining to lipuria.
Possessing a liquefying nature or power.
The act or process of liquefying or making liquid.
The act or process of liquefying or making liquid.
A change from a gas to a liquid through condensation, usually by cooling, or a change from a solid to a liquid through melting.
The state of matter in which a substance exhibits a tendency to flow.
A liquid is a fluid, unlike a solid, the molecules in a liquid have a much greater freedom to move.
Asset in the form of cash or asset that can easily be converted into cash.
Assets which are in the form of cash or can be easily converted into cash.
To put an end to get rid of or wind up.
The account which has been closed down.
The sum of money which has been agreed to be paid as charges.
A sum of money agreed as payable in the case of a breach of contract.
The sum of money that has been agreed as payable.
Value of something that has been ascertained.
To close down or wind up.
The act of liquidating.
The act or process of paying / settling the debt.
The course of action that is being pursued in connection with liquidation.
Person who has been authorised to wind up the affairs (business).
Account related to the liquidator.
The accounts prepared by the liquidator, for the company / firm for which he / she is appointed as liquidator.
Such type of investment which can be easily converted into cash.
The ability to meet the liability or debt as and when it arises.
A facility available to a bank for making suitable adjustment in the composition of liquid components.
A position or condition when current assets are less than the current liabilities.
The process of managing liquidity position or liquid resources.
When liquid resource are much more than the required.
The liking of something over the another in the matters of management of liquidity.
The measurement or ratio to indicate the availability of assets to meet liabilities, required to be maintained by banks as per guidelines of the central bank.
To be in a way where one cannot find a way out in liquidity management.
Such liability which is required to be met swiftly.
A minimum amount of liquid assets which is required to be maintained by the banks with reference to their time and demand liabilities.
The amount of money that has been kept in liquid form.
Such financial resources which are readily convertible into cash in case of need.
The type of security that can be easily converted in cash.
Of or relating to a soap in liquid form.
An aqueous solution of a medicinal substance.
Referring to a distilled alcoholic beverage.
An alcoholic beverage made by distillation rather than by fermentation.
The fluid that surrounds the developing foetus within the amniotic Sac.
a clear fluid present in the ventricles and subarachnoid cavities of the brain and spinal cord
The sweet - tasting, dried root of Glycyrrhiza glabra or an extract made from it, used in medicine, confectionery, etc.
Any liquid substance, as water, milk, blood, sap, juice or the like.
A speech defect or mannerism characterized by mispronunciation of the sounds (s) and (z) as (th) and (th).
Number of items / things etc. with other details put together in writing.
A company whose shares are quoted on a stock exchange.
A stock, share, or bond etc. which is listed / quoted on the stock exchange.
The shares and stocks which are dealt with on a stock exchange.
Study of pattern etc. of listeners (radio etc.).
The process of listing of bonds at stock exchange.
The shares which are entered in the list of shares quoted on stock exchange.
List of business to be transacted.
A series of names providing details about creditors.
A series of names providing details of debtors.
List in respect of payments made.
A list giving particulars of the goods dealt with, indicating rates, discounts etc., if any, offered.
Slips issued in respect of suspense account.
Ability to read and write.
Motivated efforts for spread of literacy.
Establishment created for spread of literacy.
Giving one word for each word (exact) (with reference to transaction).
Who is able to read and write.
The presence of an excessive amount of uric acid in the blood.
A medicine having, or supposed to have, the power of expelling calculous matter with the urine.
Any salt of lithic acid (uric acid); a urate
The formation of calculus or stony concretions in the body.
The formation of stony concretions or calculi in any part of the body, especially in the bladder and urinary passages.
Consisting of or relating to stone or rock.
Pertaining to the formation of uric - acid concretions (stone) in the bladder and other parts of the body, as, lithic diathesis.
A hereditary predisposition of the body to a disease, a group of diseases, an allergy, or another disorder related with stone or rock.
The formation of calculi or stones.
Forming or promoting the development of calculi.
The destruction occurs in the calculus of the kidney, ureter, bladder, or gallbladder by physical forces that includs the crushing with a lithotriptor through a catheter.
The microscopic study including its description and classification of rock.
The dissolution occurred in the urinary calculi.
Surgical distruction of a stone from the kidney.
A lithopaedion or stone baby, occured most commonly when a foetus dies during an ectopic pregnancy.
Surgical removal of calculi or stony concretions from the body.
A surgery followed by the removal of stone of urinary bladder.
A supine position in which a person is made to lie on his / her back with knees bent and thighs apart.
Instrument which is used to crush and remove the stones in the bladder and even for urogenital tract.
Process where the crushing of calculus in the bladder is done and generally into very small pieces for elimination in the urine.
Belonging to or of the nature of a calculus.
Excretion of uric acid or urates in large amount in the urine.
Party to a lawsuit.
An act of disputing a law suit in court of law.
A blue strip of paper that changes to red with increasing acidity and to blue with increasing basicity.
Water - soluble mixture consists of different dyes that is extracted from lichens.
The most commonly used chemical indicators like most pH paper. Litmus changes color when exposed to an acidic or basic solution.
A vehicle consisting of a bed or couch which is often covered and curtained and suspended between the shafts.
A congenital stiffness of the limbs occurred due to failure of development of the pyramidal tracts.
related to shore region or costal region.
Spiritual existence or to be quickened, nourished, and actuated by divine influence or faith.
Account which is operative and in which transactions are taking place.
A certificate relating to leave which can be accepted.
The birth of a living fetus.
The birth of a living child.
An infant that is potentially viable, able to survive in future and shows any sign of life at birth like breathing or movements.
Liver coloured.
Vascular condition characterized by a purplish mottled discoloration of the skin, usually occurred on the legs.
Means of sustenance.
Matter able to stay alive.
Account in a bank where operation are conducted regularly - an active account (current a / c denotes different meaning).
The largest gland in the anterior part of the abdomen, which secretes bile and is active in the formation of certain blood proteins and in the metabolism of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins.
The largest gland in the anterior part of the abdomen, which secretes bile and is active in the formation of certain blood proteins and in the metabolism of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins.
The largest vital glandular organ of the body which weighs about 3 lb or 36 kg with reddish brown in color and divided into four lobes of unequal size and shape.
The smallest functional unit of the liver comprises of liver parenchyma that composed of segments of several hepatic lobules.
One of the polygonal parenchymatous epithelial cells of the liver that secrete bile.
An extract which is water - soluble, nonprotein constituents of fresh mammalian liver formed to promote the formation of blood cells.
Brown - black pigmentation that occur in the areas that are exposed to the sun like the back of the hands, forearms, shoulders, face and forehead.
Which is in working condition.
Account which is operative and there is continuous flow of transactions in it.
Flat branching ribbon shaped plants of
An allowance paid for wearing distinctive uniform.
It refers to both the technique and the technology to capture fingerprints and palm prints electronically, without the need for the more traditional method of ink and paper.
Domestic animals kept for home use or for earning profit.
Consumers who are using the product / article.
Vaccine that help the body to develop an immune response without developing symptoms of the disease, generally it is intended to prevent.
Bluish discoloration as a result of a bruise, congestion of blood vessels, strangulation, etc.
Discolored occurred by coagulation of blood beneath the skin.
The term refers to an unnatural color of the skin.
Expenses relating to living.
Expenses which are required to be incurred essentially for living.
A loan which is being served on time regularly with no default.
Expenses incurred on living.
Amount spent on livelihood.
Animals or plants that live today and identical to that of fossil records.
Accomodation provided for living.
The degree of material confort available in living.
Wages which are just sufficient to meet the essential needs of life.
The process of separating soluble from insoluble substances generally by dissolving the former in water or some other solvent.
Of or relating to the weight or the stress that are put on something.
The capacity to bear / contain the loaded volume.
The fact relating to amount of material that can be transported by a vehicle.
To put a load in or on (vehicle etc.).
To increase the prescribed amount for risk or for providing services.
The amount paid for loading the goods on the carrier.
The process of putting a load in or on a carrier or / and remove the load from the carrier.
The maximum quantity of something that can be loaded on the vehicle.
A filarial parasitic nematode causes lymphatic filariasis.
Loan facilities extended by financial institution to meet temporary need of funds of the trusted clients.
Loan facilities extended by financial institution to meet temporary need of funds of the trusted clients.
When loan is granted against the fixed deposit of the borrower in the bank.
When loan is granted against pledge of government securities.
A legal contract covering terms etc. of the loan which is binding on the signatories.
A form devised by the bank for use of the customer who wish to make a request for sanction of loan.
A loan which is required to be repaid at call.
A loan facility under which loan is required to be repaid or can be recalled at short notice.
The amount of loan which is still outstanding and required to be repaid.
That part of the capital of a firm / company which has been raised by way of outside loan.
When the lender (bank) is committing itself to make available loan to the borrower.
A part of the gross sum that constitutes loan.
When loan amount is credited to revenue account.
Since the relationship between the banker and the borrower is contractual, the banker get certain documents signed depending upon loan facilities so that those are tenable in court of law.
Person who lends money.
When quality of loan has deteriorated and some loss is possible.
When quality of loan has deteriorated and some loss is possible.
Department looking after matters relating to loaning.
When loan is repaid in trenches or parts at a decided interval of time.
Such type of loan which is required to be repaid after a short time say one year or so.
When loan facilities are granted on the strength of something mortgaged to the bank / lender.
When loan facility is granted on insurance policy.
When loan is granted on the basis of furnishing some security.
Various loan accounts of the bank taken together.
When loan obtained for a purposed is diversified and used for other purpose.
Loans provided by partners.
The process of making repayment towards the loan or paying interest etc. when due.
Loans provided against security of property.
Generally loan issued by government which are constantly available for contribution to the public.
Loans which are not backed by any security.
Participation by a group of lenders for financing a single borrower.
Refraining from insisting upon repayment of the loan advanced.
Extreme disgust or a feeling of aversion, nausea or abhorrence.
Of or relating to a lobe or lobes of the lung.
Having to do with a lobe like lobar pneumonia.
A medical condition which is caused by the streptococcus bacteria.
Consisting or resembling a lobe or lobes, like a lobate tongue.
Deeply indented margins but with lobes that are not entirely separate from each other.
Considered with membranous flaps just like the toes of a coot.
A group of people indulging in seeking support.
An organised attempt to seek support or influence.
A subdivision of an organ or part separated by fissures, connective tissue, or other structural boundaries.
A subdivision of an organ or part separated by fissures, connective tissue, or other structural boundaries.
A rounded, projecting anatomical part. Lobes are sections of the lungs.
Any round project of large anatomical structure.
Surgical excision or removal of a lobe or lobes of an organ or gland.
The surgical removal of any one entire lobe in the lung where the removal of two lobes is called bilobectomy.
The soft, fleshy, pendulous lower part of the external ear.
It is also called Indian tobacco and used as an herbal remedy for respiratory conditions such as asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia, and cough.
The part of cerebral hemisphere between the frontal and the occipital lobes.
Inflammation of a lobe.
A surgical operation of the brain in which the frontal lobe of the cerebrum is cut into or across.
Of or relating to or duplicating a lobule.
Affects one or more sections or lobes of the lungs.
Divided into lobules.
Of or referring to a subdivision of a lobe.
A small lobe which is often marginal or laminal.
Lobe
A small lobe of the liver that is located posteriorly between the sulcus for the vena cava and the fissure for the ligamentum venosum.
Middle lobe like the middle lobe of prostate.
Of or pertaining to characteristic of or restricted to a particular place or places.
Of or pertaining to or characterized by place or position in space.
Related to the administration of a city or town or district rather than a larger area.
One in which the venue must still be laid in the county, in which the cause of action actually arose
Putting local anesthetic or freezing around the affected area to make it painless.
Drugs that produces reversible depression of nerve conduction when applied to the nerve fibre.
Audit which is conducted for all local transaction.
Auditor 's assigned the job of auditing transactin taking place locally.
Authority who is looking after affairs of the organisation at local level.
A board of Goverance or an institution for a specified area.
A body constituted to manage local administration.
The computer bus which connects the main memory to the memory controller in computer systems. Also called the frontside bus, system bus, memory bus, or host bus.
A telephone call made within specified limited area.
Transportation of goods at a particular place.
A letter or parcel to be delivered within local area.
A surgical flap that is transferred to an adjacent area.
Funds meant for utilising in implementation of local projects.
A fund devoted to works to be carried out in local areas.
Inspection of a place locally situated.
Concentrating industries in a local area.
An act of making local, or to confine to a particular location or area.
An act of making local, or to confine to a particular location or area.
The process of translating a product into different languages or adaption of a language for a specific country or region for language localization.
When industries are concentrated in a particular area.
Labourer belonging to a local area.
Loans made available for carrying out local construction works.
The bank which is owned by the local people.
A market of a particular place.
A central depository of government securities within RBI, offices of which are located at different places.
Purchases made in local markets.
Rate of exchange of currency prevailing at a particular place.
Recruitment made from local area.
The process of transfer / sending money from one account to another locally.
Money sent to someone locally.
Amount of local remittance that has not reached the destination.
Institutions of elected people from the local areas for self governance.
The market in which securities and foreign exchange is traded for immediate delivery.
Goods produced at the local level.
A limited extent symptom which is caused by disease of a particular organ or part.
A list showing the local tax payable.
A tender floated for local supply.
The office of treasury operating at a particular place in the area.
The amount of profit or loss which is established fact and known.
The place where something is situated.
A place where something is located.
Of or referring to a place of settlement, activity, or residence
Guidelines which provide useful information regarding a particular place.
Such type of technology that is suitable for a particular area.
A person who fixes the wall boundaries of land claims.
Pertaining to the liquid discharge from the vagina after childbirth.
A discharge takes place from the womb for some time after child - bearing.
The final vaginal discharge appears after parturition, when the amount of blood is decreased and the leukocytes are increased.
The sanguineous flow occurs during the first few days.
Of or belong to the lochia.
The first three to five days of postpartum vaginal discharge which appears very bright red and contains a large amount of red blood cells.
Distention of the uterus with reference to retained lochia.
Inflammation of the uterus processed and followed by childbirth.
A condition denoted by exudations in the peritoneum of serum, fibrin, cells and pus.
An abnormally profuse lochia which is also known as lochiorrhoea.
Capital which is in blocked state and cannot be used.
When amount of capital is locked.
When flow of funds dries up.
A period of time restraining sale (disposal) of securities etc.
Period of time during which transactions / deals are not allowed or blocked (for investments made in)
An acute stage and serious infection of the central nervous system generally caused by bacterial infection of open wounds.
Closing down a factory by the employer.
The invested capital which is in unrealisable state with no return.
An act or power of moving from place to place.
An act or power of moving from place to place.
The act or power of movement from one place to another.
Of or relating to locomotion.
A chronic disease resulted in degeneration and sclerosis of the afferent tract and posterior columns of the cord.
A progressive degeneration of the nervous system that involves the posterior columns of the spinal cord with other structures.
Price of goods that are in a place specified or known to the buyer.
Have the related nature of, or consisting of, cells made of.
Division characterized by small cavities or sections.
Seeds expel from locules when splits along walls of carpel.
Little cavity or space within an organ or in a plant or animal.
A set of all points or lines which satisfy or determined by specific conditions.
Specific spot on chromosome where gene is located.
A status which is recognised.
Any of numerous species of long - winged, migratory, orthopterous insects, of the family Acrididae, mainly allied to the grasshoppers.
Short horned swarming grasshoppers.
A place for stay given on rent for short period.
A bill that has been placed with bank / other person for some purpose.
The instrument thrown up in a captured position for some specific purpose.
Rooms rented for lodging in.
An allowance paid for lodging.
Building consisting of many rooms used for renting.
Small scales at base of the ovary in grass flowers.
Infammation occurs in the whites of the eyes, due to certain reason.
Partial or total loss of the capability to articulate ideas or comprehend spoken or written language.
The loss of the ability to write or to express thoughts during writing that can occur due to brain lesion.
Aphasia of articulation in certain condition
A book where record is kept.
The science of reasoning.
Action which is according to logic.
Outcome based on logic.
Generally logical volume management is used as a hard disk.
A character representing a word.
Any neurosis which is associated with a speech defect that are sed synonymously with stuttering.
A speech disorder.
Paralysis or lack of ability in the organs of speech.
Infection occurred by the filarial nematode where the skin and eyes are usually affected.
The lower part of the back on either side of the backbone between the hipbones and the ribs.
The lower part of the back on either side of the backbone between the hipbones and the ribs.
Area which is located at the side of the abdomen between the lowest rib and at the top of the buttocks.
The rate at which central bank of the country lends to banks.
Indehiscent legume fruit with constriction at each seed.
Funds which can be used for making loans.
Resources which can be tapped for making loans.
This is the rate at which a bank is willing to pay for funds in the international inter - bank market.
This is the rate offered by banks for short - term dollar deposits in London.
Of or having considerable linear extent in space.
Long. Longas is the plural of longa.
Refers to colon
A bill having a usance of three months and above.
A book containing details of long bills.
Such type of securities which have a long life for redemption.
Such type of securities which have a long life for redemption.
A telephone call made within a comparatively long distance place.
A bill of exchange payable abroad.
The expectation of a share market where due to changes in interest rate / profit position more or better returns can be realised.
Long life or related to life expectancy.
The initial time period in a project during which no returns are expected.
Ordinary writing by hand.
Migratory soil borne, parasitic nematodes belonging to family Longidoroidae.
Genera Longidorides is a parasitic nematode of family Longidoridae.
Genera Longidorus is a parasitic nematode of family Longidoridae.
A prolonged unfulfilled desire or respected need.
A fracture that extends to long axis of the bone.
A section of a particular specimen cut along the axis which is longer
A group of nerves running lengthwise and associated with gray matter.
A state of stability for longer period of time.
A market of the optimism, stick with a long term approach.
The price that remains constant for a long period.
A term used in share market when brokers / investors buy securities more than what they sell.
Price that includes all (taxes etc.).
A term that indicate the price at which a foreign bill drawn payable in another country can be bought.
Condition that exists for the aggregate market when product, financial and reserves are in equilibrium simultaneously.
A vision problem in which an individual can see clearly objects a long distance away, but in case of close objectrs, they are seen blurry.
A defect of vision which is caused by an imperfection in the eye where one can 't focus on close objects.
Customers who are not new but has long existed.
A variety of cotton that gives a long fibre of cotton.
Relating to a long period of time.
The amount of loan which is required to be repaid after a long period say more than 3 years of so.
The rate of buying securities with the intention of holding them for long period.
The profit realised as a result of price appreciation of an asset held for a specified period of time.
When capital is shifted or taken to other place / venture for a long period of time.
Loans which are provided for a longer duration.
A policy adopted by the government to use taxation as a tool of monetary policy in the long run.
A scheme that has been initiated to provide a cover against the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates to exporters and importers.
Rate of interest applicable for long term lending.
Loan / debt which are repayable later than twelve months of time.
A loan that is obtained or given for a longer duration of time.
Suitable action to achieve some end which may yield result after a long time.
The aim one is trying to achieve over a long period of time in failure.
A fund created by RBI initially out of its profits to provide assistance to government / banks for long period of time.
The rate that is applicable for long duration.
Long.
The phase of business environment which continues for a long period.
Call or put option whose price is not determined until the option is exercised.
A ring - like structure formed as a result of folding of a ribbon or cord upon itself.
A ring - like structure formed as a result of folding of a ribbon or cord upon itself.
Anything which is round or oval shape and formed by a curve that is closed and does not intersect itself.
Goods which are not in packed condition.
A ledger having pages or cards that can be put in and removed easily.
A ledger (binder) having pages that can be easily inserted and removed.
A system of keeping a book / ledger etc. with each leaf separate and removable.
Pages of paper which are not firmly fixed in a place.
Tobacco which is not in packed condition.
Tools which are not put together in one package.
Comprises of excessive talk.
The state of being talkativeness.
An abnormal forward curvature of the spine in the lumbar region
An exaggerated lumbar curve located in the spine or present in the lower back curves inwards more than it would naturally do.
Protective covering secreted by certain organisms.
Denotes an account for third party.
The fact of losing something.
Of or relating to something that is lost.
Act of loosing and undesirable events.
An account that reflects position of loss.
A claim that has been made for the loss incurred.
Complete loss - loss which is total.
Something that one has lost.
Loss occuring during transit.
Loosing property.
The amount of loss in a business transaction while reselling.
Losses which are incurred before an entity (company) is incorportaed (given a legal status).
A place where things which are lost kept till someone claim them.
Something that has been lost while on its way to destination.
The procedure that has to be followed in cases of lost note.
A large quantity or number.
An aqueous or alcoholic liquid preparation apllied topically for cleansing, soothing, healing of the skin.
A medicated liquid used generally for external application use only.
Considered for urine or liquid for washing - urine which is commonly used for bleaching.
Amount realised on sale of auction items.
A public room for sitting / waiting or relaxing.
A magnifying lens worn especially by surgeons performing microsurgery.
A type of magnification device which is used to see things for one is looking at more closely.
An insect with sucking mouth parts, which is a parasite on human scalp and some other mammals.
A name used to refer generally to a group of bloodsucking or biting insects.
A winged insect feeding on warm animal blood.
A chemical for killing particular parasitic insects.
Of or relating to the pain at the base of the spine caused by a sprain, strain, arthritis or a prolapsed disc.
Which is available at cheap value.
Where the cost of operating is less / low.
A period that indicates declining condition.
Such articles or goods which are of low cost.
Garments for the lower part.
Which is below some one or something.
Of or pertaining to something at a place or on a level below another.
The minimum age to be iligible for doing something.
Cost which is comparatively low.
A subordinate court.
A group of plants which do not bear flowers or seeds.
The lower point at which flow of something is stopped.
the process in which something is made less concentrated or weaker, at a low level or value
The amount of payment which has been reduced or lowered.
Of or relating to the legs of a person.
Of or relating to the legs of a person.
A post which is lower in rank.
Which is lowest school in the series of primary education provider.
Which is lowest school in the series of primary education provider.
Work for which labour rates are low.
When cost per unit is comparatively low.
Rate which is lowest.
The tender where rates quoted are lowest.
The tender where rates quoted are lowest.
The person who has quoted lowest rates in the tender.
An oral temperature that is above 98. 6 F (37 C) but it is lower than 100. 4 F (38 C) for 24 hours.
Grade which is low in position.
When traffic is not brisk resulting in low revenue.
Those sections of the society whose annual income fall below a stipulated level for this category.
When the difference between the rate of interest payable on deposits etc. and rate of interest levied on loans is low.
Employees who have been appointed on lesser salaries.
Something which is cheap.
The state of yielding profit being low.
Area with scanty rainfall and where possibility of drought may be more.
The type of crop that gives low yield.
True or faithful.
The state of being loyal.
A small, medicated candy intended to be dissolved slowly in the mouth to lubricate and soothe irritated tissues of the throat.
A small, medicated candy intended to be dissolved slowly in the mouth to lubricate and soothe irritated tissues of the throat.
a medicated tablet intended to be dissolved in the mouth to lubricate and soothe mouth and throat
A substance used to reduce friction in working parts of a mechanism.
The process of lessening or reducing friction in working parts of a mechanism.
making something smooth or slippery by applying substances like oil, grease, etc.
A plant which bears bluish flowers throughout the year and cultivated for its forage.
clear or easily understandable
A temporary period of rationality between periods of insanity or delirium
a brief period of relative mental soundness in psychosis
Easily understood or intelligible.
mental clearness
clarity of mind or perception
Pigment found in the light emitting organisms which produces light during oxidation.
Which is yielding financial gain.
A proposal which may yield financial gain.
A room where traveller 's belonging are kept of safe custody.
lower back pain
Backache
pain in the mid and lower back, especially due to muscle sprain or slipped disk
The lower part of the back.
relating to or located in the part of back and sides between lowest ribs and pelvis
a localized collection of pus in the lumbar region
the normal ventral curvature of the spine in the lumbar region
any of the four ganglia located in the lumbar part of the sympatetic trunk
a nervous network lying in the psoas muscle that is formed by the ventral branches of lumbar nerves
A puncture of spinal cord in lumbar region.
insertion of a hollow needle into the subarachnoid space of the lumbar region, generally done for diagnostic or therapeutic purpose
the process of penetrating subarachnoid space of the lumbar region with a hollow needle as a part of therapy or diagnostic procedure
the part of the back located between lowest ribs and pelvis that is lateral to the vertebral region
the region of the back and sides of abdomen present between lowest ribs and pelvis
pain in the mid and lower back, especially due to muscle sprain or slipped disk
any of the five vertebrae located in the lumbar region of the vertebral column above the sacrum
the vertebras, five in number, situated in the lumbar region of the vertebral column above the sacrum
destructive to worms present in intestine
an agent or substance that kills intestinal worms
formation of a permanent opening into the large intestine through an incision in the lumbar region
about or relating to the lumbar region and ribs
about or relating to the lumbar and sacral region
an intestinal worm known as roundworm that resembles an earthworm
an abnormal condition involving infestation with intestinal worms
roundworm, that is a type of an intestinal worm
The space inside a tubular structure
hollow space or cavity within a tubular structure, such as an artery or vein
A hollow space surrounded by the cell wall.
an abnormal mass of irregular shape present in body tissue
Amount deposited at once in large quantity.
surgical removal of lump, usually from breast
The date on which consolidated bill has to be paid.
A biologist whoch does organism classification into larger groups.
A single payment made towards freight.
Money paid down at once.
A single payment for the total sum.
When allocation of money from a fund to be used for some special purpose is made in one single sum.
A contract which is done at one time.
Subsidy (grant) which is made available at one time.
Grant (subsidy) which is made available one time.
Such type of demand of something which is neither regular nor even.
any form of insanity characterized by intermittent periods of clearmindedness
A foolish person.
a person suffering from lunacy
denoting an insane person
Meals taken in the middle of the day.
Meals taken at the middle of day in a group.
Vital organ of the body present in the chest.
One of the two organs of the respiration
either of the two saclike, spongy organs of respiration located in the thorax, that oxygenate blood and remove carbon dioxide from it
localized collection of pus in the lung tissue
inflammation of the lung tissue marked by consolidation of the affected part and filling of alveolar air spaces with inflammatory exudate
inflammation of the lung caused by bacteria, viruses or other pathogens and marked by consolidation
A worm found in rodents causing infection to humans when ingested.
A parasitic worm found in lungs of pigs.
relating to or resembling lupus
pertaining to lupus
any of various ulcerative diseases of skin
a group of inflammatory chronic connective tissue diseases with cutaneous or systemic manifestations
tuberculosis of skin with formation of red - brown nodules on the face
A device used to attract insects so as to kill them.
A intense sexual erge to kill some one.
yellow in colour
dislocation of an anatomical structure
Something which is costly but does not necessarily provide the desired comfort or enjoyment.
state of a woman in the process of giving birth to a child
a clear, transparent, almost colourless fluid that enters lymphatic vessels from body tissues and contains white blood cells
abnormal increase in the size of a lymph node
a procedure involving surgical removal of one or more lymph nodes
inflammation of the lymph node or nodes
radiographic imaging of a lymph node after injection of a contrast medium into it
similar to, pertaining to or derived from a lymph node
enlargement of a lymph node like a tumour
an abnormal enlargement of lymph node
any disease process involving lymph nodes, usually causing their enlargement
proliferation or hyperplasia of lymphoid tissue
an agent that increases the production and flow of lymph
of, about or pertaining to lymphatic vessel
a condition involving dilatation of lymphatic vessels
surgical removal of one or more lymphatic vessels
radiographic imaging of lymph vessels and lymph nodes after injection of a contrast medium
branch of medical science that deals with the study of lymphatic system
a benign tumour characterized by abnormal lymph vessel proliferation
inflammation of the lymphatic vessels along with veins
surgical alteration or restoration of lymph vessels
surgical incision of lymphatic vessels
inflammation of the lymph vessels
Releting to lymph, lymphoid tissue
about or pertaining to lymph, lymph vessel or lymph node
the vessel through which lymph flows
general weight loss and wasting occurring as a result of systemic lymphatic diseases
any of solid, round or oval, glandlike masses located along the course of lymphatic vessels
Releting to lymph, lymphatic system.
any of small oval bodies present along the course of lymphatics, that supply lymphocytes and remove foreign particles from lymph
small, round or oval bodies located along the path of lymph vessels which remove the foreign paritcles from lymph and supply lymphocytes
type of leukaemia marked by uncontrolled proliferation of lymphoid tissue at various locations and occurrence of increased number of immature lymphocytes circulating in blood
a network of lymphatic capillaries without valves that join to form larger lymphatic vessels
bodily system consisting of network of vessels that carry lymph along with lymphoid tissue
a system in the body that involves lymphatic vessels and lymphoid tissue
a vessel that carries lymph
spherical mass of lymphoid cells that has a lightly staining center
A rounded mass of lymphoid tissue.
any of small oval bodies present along the course of lymphatic vessels, that remove foreign particles from lymph and supply lymphocytes
small oval bodies present along the course of lymphatic vessels, that remove foreign particles from lymph and supply lymphocytes
a young immature cell that develops into a lymphocyte
a type of malignant lymphoma that mainly consists of lymphoblasts
Agranulated white blood cell.
a type of white blood cells formed in the lymphoid tissue and found in blood, lymph and lymphoid tissues
a condition in which the number of lymphocytes in blood increases above the normal, usually resulting from infection
of, about or relating to lymphocytes
a malignant lymphoma consisting of cells which are similar to mature lymphocytes
any disease process affecting the cutaneous lymph glands and lymph vessels
swelling resulting from blockage of lymph vessels and accumulation of lymphatic fluid in the affected region
a poorly differentiated carcinoma arising from lymphoid tissue in the region of tonsils and nasopharynx
originating in the lymphatic system or from the lymph
a sexually transmitted disease caused by chlamydia trachomatis and marked by painless genital ulcer and inguinal lymphadenopathy in the male, and perirectal lymphadenopathy in the female
any abnormal condition marked by presence of widely distributed and multiple lymphogranulomas
similar to lymphatic tissue or lymph, or relating to the lymphatic system
malignant tumour of the lymphoid tissue
decrease in the number of lymphocytes in the blood below normal level
formation and development of lymphocytes
of, about, or relating to formation of lymphocytes
flow of lymph from a damaged lymphatic vessel
previously used term for malignant lymphoma
anatomy of the lymphatic system
irregular spaces within the lymph node through which flow of lymph occurs freely
profound depression
The lower sublayer of the OSI data link layer. Also known as Medium access control.
to make something soft by soaking it in a liquid substance
Softening by the action of a liquid.
The process in which skin is soften due to excessive exposure to wetness.
the act of making something soft by soaking it in a liquid substance
An equipment that uses power to do a particular job.
A device.
Any mechanical apparatus
A device which performs a task and is operated mechanically, electrically, or electronically. In computer terminology, "machine" refers to the computer itself.
A machine used for recording accounting entries.
An address that is permanently assigned to a specific storage location in a computer, by the maker of the machine. Also Called Absolute Address or Direct Address or Real Address..
The time during which a computer has its power turned on, is not undergoing maintenance, and is thought to be operating properly.
Machine used for making calculation.
A check that tests whether the parts of equipment are functioning properly. Also known as hardware check.
A S / 370 hardware feature that analyzes errors and attempts recovery by retrying the failing instruction.
A set of instructions for a specific central processing unit, designed to be usable by a computer without being translated. Also called machine language.
A set of instructions for a specific central processing unit, designed to be usable by a computer without being translated. Also called machine language.
The cycle of four steps (fetch, decode, execute, and store) a computer 's CPU must complete each time a machine language instruction is given. "Machine cycle" also means the length of time one machine cycle takes. Also called a "processor cycle" or an "instruction cycle".
Referring to programming languages, programs, systems, and procedures that can be used only on a particular computer or on a line of computers manufactured by a single company. Also called "hardware dependent", "platform dependent".
A low - level programming language is called "machine dependent" language, such as Assembler, that uses mnemonics and code specifically designed for a particular microprocessor or CPU.
The property describing two usually abstract machines that can simulate one another.
A deviation from correctness in computer - processed data, caused by equipment failure.
Time during a work cycle when a machine is idle, awaiting completion of manual work.
Referring to programs and procedures which function in essentially the same manner regardless of the machine on which they are carried out.
A high - level programming language can be designed so that it can be used on any computer regardless of who manufactured it or what model it is.
An instruction in machine language; A set of digits, binary bits, or characters that a computer can recognize and act upon, and that, when interpreted or decoded, indicates the action to be performed and which operand is to be involved in the action.
An instruction in machine language; A set of digits, binary bits, or characters that a computer can recognize and act upon, and that, when interpreted or decoded, indicates the action to be performed and which operand is to be involved in the action.
An instruction code in machine language; A machine instruction code consists of two part: Operation code (op code), which tells what operation to be done, and operand (s) which specifies the the data for the operation.
A statement consisting usually of a tag, an operating code, and one or more addresses.
1. The ability of a computer or other machine to perform those activities that are normally thought to require intelligence. 2. The branch of computer science concerned with the development of machines having this ability. Popularly known as "Artificial Intelligence".
A set of instructions for a specific central processing unit, designed to be usable by a computer without being translated. Also called machine code.
A set of instructions for a specific central processing unit, designed to be usable by a computer without being translated. Also called machine code.
The process or technique by which a device modifies its own behavior as the result of its past experience and performance.
An elementary operation that a computer is designed and built to perform. Also called computer operation.
A low - level programming language developed for use on a particular computer or line of computers produced by a specific manufacturer. Also known as computer - oriented language.
A low - level programming language developed for use on a particular computer or line of computers produced by a specific manufacturer. Also known as computer - oriented language.
A machine to pierce with a punch.
A method where output per hour of the machine is taken into account for decideing rate.
Capable of being read by a computer.
Capable of being read by a computer.
In telecommunication, a medium capable of storing data in a machine - readable format that can be accessed by an automated sensing device and capable of being turned into some form of binary.
A set of machinery with various parts.
Which is used for guarding the machine.
The process or an ogransied system for government work.
Information in a form which can be read by a specified machine.
Where different type of machines are installed.
The process whereby one machine M1 can be made to simulate or behave like a second machine M2.
Tool used for cutting or shaping wood / metal etc.
The computer control of a machine tool for a specific job by means of a special programming language.
Automatic translation from one natural language to another by means of a computer.
Automatic translation from one natural language to another by means of a computer.
atrophy or wasting
A water proof rubber fabric
In a local area network, the protocol that determines which device has access to the transmission medium at a given time.
An instruction that defines a macro. Also called macro instruction.
a prefix that means excessively large or long
a condition of having relatively long life
an abnormally large immature erythroblast
a condition characterized by abnormally large eyelids
An instruction that defines a macro. Also called macro instruction.
An instruction that defines a macro. Also called macro instruction.
Having large head.
Having large brain
the condition characterized by an abnormally large head and brain as compared to the rest of the body part
abnormal largness of lips, usually caused by greatly distended lymphatic spaces
a condition characterized by abnormall largeness of hands
A coding system in which single codes generate several sets of instructions.
A single code that represents a set of instructions.
A coding system in which single codes generate several sets of instructions.
A coding system in which single codes generate several sets of instructions.
A coding system in which single codes generate several sets of instructions.
abnormal dilatation and hypertrophy of the colon
enlargement of the cranium with relative smaller face in appearance
Large shape of red blood cell.
a red blood cell that is unusually large, usually seen in megaloblastic anaemias
presence of large number of macrocytes in blood
Macrocyte due to anemia
a form of anaemia characterized by the presence of larger than normal red blood cells
Enlargement of fingers.
condition characterized by abnormal enlargement of one or more digits
possessing abnormally large teeth
a state of possessing abnormally large teeth
Policy that relates or deal with larger economic issues.
The branch of economics that deals with large scale unemployment, savings, investments, national product etc.
In industrial engineering, an element of a work cycle whose time span is long enough to be observed and measured with a stopwatch.
In industrial engineering, an element of a work cycle whose time span is long enough to be observed and measured with a stopwatch.
Instructions generated by a macroinstruction and inserted into an assembly language program.
Instructions generated by a macroinstruction and inserted into an assembly language program.
Organisms which are visible to human eye.
A graphical representation of the overall logic of a computer program in which entire segments or subroutines of the program are represented by single blocks and no attempt is made to specify the detailed operation of the program.
A graphical representation of the overall logic of a computer program in which entire segments or subroutines of the program are represented by single blocks and no attempt is made to specify the detailed operation of the program.
the larger one of a pair of conjugating gametes, usually the female gamete
The larger of the two gametes ie. Female gamete.
a cell that develops into macrogametes
The creation of many machine instructions from one macroword.
The creation of many machine instructions from one macroword.
A piece of software which replaces each macroinstruction in a computer program by the set of ordinary instructions which it stands for. Also known as macroprocessor.
A piece of software which replaces each macroinstruction in a computer program by the set of ordinary instructions which it stands for. Also known as macroprocessor.
A piece of software which replaces each macroinstruction in a computer program by the set of ordinary instructions which it stands for. Also known as macroprocessor.
abnormally excessive bodily and genital development
Enlargement of tongue
abnormal enlargement of tongue
excessive elongation or enlargement of the jaw
The broader meaning which is not expressed but understood or hidden.
The broader meaning which is not expressed but understood or hidden.
An instruction that defines a macro.
An instruction that defines a macro.
1. A special - purpose command language used to automate sequences within an application such as a spreadsheet or word processor. 2. An assembly language that uses macros.
1. A special - purpose command language used to automate sequences within an application such as a spreadsheet or word processor. 2. An assembly language that uses macros.
a condition characterized by abnormal enlargement of breasts
The larger of the cell formed after cell division of fertilized egg.
A larger molecule comprising of several atoms and can be seen in plants.
a nucleus that is occupying comparatively large portion of cell
a condition characterized by abnormal enlargement of nails
a condition characterized by abnormally large penis
A large cell
any of the large, phagocytic cells derived from monocytes, found mainly in the blood and connective tissues
abnormal enlargement of the eyeball
a condition characterized by abnormal largeness of feet
It is a name of a group or family.
A marketing term from Intel that promotes the use of multiple Intel - based servers for e - business applications.
A marketing term from Intel that promotes the use of multiple Intel - based servers for e - business applications.
A piece of software which replaces each macroinstruction in a computer program by the set of ordinary instructions which it stands for. Also known as macrogenerator.
The part of an assembler that converts the macro calls in the program to the actual subroutines for execution.
The process of writing machine procedure statements in terms of macroinstructions.
The process of writing machine procedure statements in terms of macroinstructions.
a condition in which face is excessively large in proportion to the cranium
abnormal visual perception in which objects appear larger than their actual size
Having wider and large wings.
large enough to be visible by the naked eyes
Examination of an object with naked eye
a condition characterized by abnormally large size of the body
abnormally large and wide mouth
A language in which words represent a number of machine instructions.
A language in which words represent a number of machine instructions.
A branch which deals with the classification of species of different organisms.
a condition characterized by abnormally large pinna of the ear
A computer algebra system that was originally developed from 1968 to 1982 at MIT as part of Project MAC and later marketed commercially.
A spot like structure.
A circumscribed flat area, up to 0 cm in diameter, different in color from the surrounding tissue.
a small area that is distinguishable from surrounding tissues due to different colour
a condition characterized by opacity of the cornea
one of the three areas on the wall of the vestibule of the labyrinth of the ear, possessing numerous foramina through which nerve filaments pass to the membranous labyrinth
an oval yellowish area near the center of the retina of the eye, containing fovea centralis with only retinal cones in it
of, about, or relating to macula lutea
blotched or marked with spots
having blotches or spots
the state of being blotched or spotted
A spot on the skin, neither elevated above nor depressed below the skin 's surface
A small, discolored patch
It is process in which fetus goes through to become a male
denoting a skin lesion characterized by presence of both, macules and papules
any disease condition of macula lutea in the retina of the eye
a person who is mentally ill
loss of hair of the eyebrows or loss of eyelashes
the act of making something wet
being moist or wet
being or becoming slightly moist
Ready to wear cotton clothes.
Goods which are made for ready to use.
Work made for hire.
the state of being mad or insane
slowly growing fungal infection of the foot characterized by formation of sinus tracts within the subcutaneous tissue of foot with purulent discharge
chronic infection of the subcutaneous tissue of foot marked by swelling and formation of sinus tracts with purulent discharge
A common abbreviation for magnetic.
A periodic publication.
a deep purplish red colour or hue
A fly larva or grub.
the legless, wormlike larval form of an insect, particularly living in decaying flesh
Developing larvae of certain insects found in organic matter.
a form of acne
In computer programming, the term magic number refers the following meanings: 1. a constant numerical or text value used to identify a file format or protocol; 2. an unnamed or ill - documented numerical constant value; 3. distinctive unique values that are unlikely to be mistaken for other meanings.
Inquest by magistrate.
The officer for administration of law.
magnesium oxide
an object that has polarity and the property of attracting iron or steel
pertaining to or having the property of a magnet
A memory that stores data in the form of bubbles, or circular areas, on a thin film of magnetic silicate.
A card with a magnetic surface on which data can be stored by selective magnetization.
A device which reads information contained in a encrypted sequence on a magnetic strip.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the surface of thin flexible cards.
A character printed with magnetic ink, as on bank checks, for reading by machines as well as by humans.
A piece of magnetic material with a high permeability used to confine and guide magnetic fields in electrical and electromechanical devices such as electromagnets, transformers, electric motors, and inductors.
A computer storage system in which each of thousands of magnetic cores stores one bit of information; current pulses are sent through wires threading through the cores to record or read out data. Also known as core memory; core storage.
A memory device, such as a floppy disk, a hard disk, or a removable cartridge, that is covered with a magnetic coating on which digital information is stored.
A memory device, such as a floppy disk, a hard disk, or a removable cartridge, that is covered with a magnetic coating on which digital information is stored.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as disk memory; disk storage.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the flat surfaces of one or more disks which, in use, rotate around a common spindle. Also known as disk memory; disk storage.
A disk drive that contains one or more magnetic heads, and associated controls that can store on and retrieve data from magnetic disks.
A disk drive that contains one or more magnetic heads, and associated controls that can store on and retrieve data from magnetic disks.
A disk drive that contains one or more magnetic heads, and associated controls that can store on and retrieve data from magnetic disks.
A disk drive that contains one or more magnetic heads, and associated controls that can store on and retrieve data from magnetic disks.
A right circular cylinder with a magnetizable layer on which data can be stored.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the surface of a magnetic drum that rotates on its axis when in use.
The method by which binary data is recorded on magnetic media.
The method by which binary data is recorded on magnetic media.
The method by which binary data is recorded on magnetic media.
the area of influence of a magnet surrounding its body
A magnetically detectable ink used to print the "Magnetic Ink Character Recognition" (MICR) characters that encode account numbers on bank checks.
A character whose pattern of magnetic ink is sensed to enable automatic identification.
An input unit that reads characters by magnetic ink character recognition.
The machine recognition of numeric data printed with magnetically charged ink.
Such cheques on which magnetic characters are printed for recognition.
A medium for holding information (data, voice, video, etc.), such as tape and disk. Also known as magnetic storage.
A medium for holding information (data, voice, video, etc.), such as tape and disk. Also known as magnetic storage.
The technique of storing information as a magnetic pattern on a moving magnetic medium.
The technique of storing information as a magnetic pattern on a moving magnetic medium.
A medium for holding information (data, voice, video, etc.), such as tape and disk. Also known as magnetic memory.
A strip of magnetic material that is suitable for recording data for subsequent machine reading.
A tape with a magnetizable layer on which data can be stored.
A container holding two reels and magnetic tape that winds between them, used in storage and retrieval of analog or digital data. Synonymous with magnetic tape cassette.
A container holding two reels and magnetic tape that winds between them, used in storage and retrieval of analog or digital data. Synonymous with magnetic tape cartridge.
A device for controlling the movement of magnetic tape with respect to the magnetic head. Synonymous with magnetic tape transport, tape drive, tape transport.
All the jobs related to creating, sorting, inputting, and maintenance of magnetic tapes in a magnetic tape environment.
All the jobs related to creating, sorting, inputting, and maintenance of magnetic tapes in a magnetic tape environment.
A routine which provides a computer the means to automatically run a sequence of programs.
An on - line device that provides write, read, and erase data on magnetic tape to permit high - speed storage of data.
An on - line device that provides write, read, and erase data on magnetic tape to permit high - speed storage of data.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the surface of a tape that moves longitudinally when in use.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the surface of a tape that moves longitudinally when in use.
A device which converts pulses in series to pulses in parallel while checking for bit parity prior to the entry in buffer storage.
The portion of magnetic tape that follows the end - of - tape marker.
The portion of magnetic tape that follows the end - of - tape marker.
A device for controlling the movement of magnetic tape with respect to the magnetic head. Synonymous with magnetic tape drive, tape drive, tape transport.
A computer unit that usually consists of a tape transport, reading and recording heads, and associated electric and electronic equipment. Also called "tape unit".
A computer unit that usually consists of a tape transport, reading and recording heads, and associated electric and electronic equipment. Also called "tape unit".
A layer of magnetic material, usually less than one micron thick, often used for data storage.
A layer of magnetic material, usually less than one micron thick, often used for data storage.
Audio recorded on a film or tape that has been coated with a magnetic recording medium.
Audio recorded on a film or tape that has been coated with a magnetic recording medium.
the property of attraction or repulsion possessed by a magnet
An obsolete type of printer in which the required image was first written on a band or drum of magnetic recording material as a pattern of closely spaced magnetic poles.
An obsolete type of printer in which the required image was first written on a band or drum of magnetic recording material as a pattern of closely spaced magnetic poles.
A plastic or glass disk coated with a compound (often TbFeCo) with special properties which make it rewritable.
A plastic or glass disk coated with a compound (often TbFeCo) with special properties which make it rewritable.
A kind of optical disk drive capable of writing and rewriting data upon a magneto - optical disk.
The change of length of a ferromagnetic substance when it is magnetized.
an therapist using magnets for the treatment of diseases
treatment of diseases with the help of magnets
apparent enlargement of an object, as with the help of a microscope
The largest carpal bone
large in size
A surname before marriage of a women (which generally changed after marriage).
A project which has been taken up for the first time.
When somebody is travelling for the first time by sea route.
A remitting letter sent by the bank to the receiving bank intimating about the transfer of funds through MT.
A bag that contains mail articles.
A list showing names and address to whom letters / communication is to be sent.
The process of combining a form letter with a list of names and addresses to produce individualized letters.
The process of combining a form letter with a list of names and addresses to produce individualized letters.
A method of transfering funds by the remitter to the beneficiary using bank as intermediary.
Account is being operated as the principal account.
The main beam of an antenna radiation pattern is the lobe containing the maximum power. Also called main lobe.
The principle part of something.
The branch of a bank which is either the largest in size or operations or enjoying an important status.
A clock that provides the primary source of internal timing for a processor or stand - alone control unit. Also known as master clock; master synchronizer; master timer.
A wiring rack that connects outside lines with internal lines; The network closet containing the main hub.
atrophy of the muscles of the hand with flexion of the fingers and hyperextension at the joints of metacarpus
inflammation or swelling of hands
A large, powerful computer system; A state - of - the - art computer for mission critical tasks; a large digital computer serving 100 - 400 users and occupying a special air - conditioned room.
A large, powerful computer system; A state - of - the - art computer for mission critical tasks; a large digital computer serving 100 - 400 users and occupying a special air - conditioned room.
A large, powerful computer system; A state - of - the - art computer for mission critical tasks; a large digital computer serving 100 - 400 users and occupying a special air - conditioned room.
A head of account that represent the main segment.
The main lobe of an antenna radiation pattern is the lobe containing the maximum power. Also called main beam.
The main lobe of an antenna radiation pattern is the lobe containing the maximum power. Also called main beam.
The main lobe of an antenna radiation pattern is the lobe containing the maximum power. Also called main beam.
Refers to physical memory that is internal to the computer. The word main is used to distinguish it from external mass storage devices such as disk drives. Also called main storage or RAM.
Refers to physical memory that is internal to the computer. The word main is used to distinguish it from external mass storage devices such as disk drives. Also called main storage or RAM.
The principle office of an organisation.
The principal branch of a routine followed by a computer in the process of carrying out the routine.
The central part of a computer program, from which control may be transferred to various subroutines and to which control is eventually returned. Also known as main routine.
The central part of a computer program, from which control may be transferred to various subroutines and to which control is eventually returned. Also known as main routine.
The central part of a computer program, from which control may be transferred to various subroutines and to which control is eventually returned. Also known as main program.
The central part of a computer program, from which control may be transferred to various subroutines and to which control is eventually returned. Also known as main program.
In communications field, telephone station with a distinct call number designation, directly connected to a central office.
Refers to physical memory that is internal to the computer. The word main is used to distinguish it from external mass storage devices such as disk drives. Also called main memory or RAM.
Component of main storage.
Component of main storage.
To retain.
The act of keeping something in good condition.
The act of maintaining.
To carry on an account.
Control that has been established.
The amount added to the cost price of the goods to cover overhead charges to maintain the cost.
Contract for maintenance work.
Factors which affect the maintenance.
The act of keeping something in good condition.
Amount paid for keeping things in good / working condition.
Contract for maintenance work.
Factors which affect the maintenance.
Assistance made available for maintenance.
Something that has been imported for keeping things in working conditions.
The act of maintaining an account.
Work relating to maintenance of assets.
Preserving written documents etc.
A part of a unit of equipment that is used for interaction between the equipment and a maintenance engineer.
A work plan or scheme for maintenance.
The amount that has been sent for maintenance purpose.
Workforce engaged in work connected with maintenance.
The time required for both corrective and preventive maintenance of a computer or other components of a computer system.
Pale yellow coloured grains grown for food.
Significant.
Who is of full age (legally).
A military officer.
Greater in quantity, age, number, extent.
greater or larger in size, number, scope or significance
Means large
One who is chief of operations in an organisation.
Estimates which constitutes larger of significant parts.
The conclusions of greater importance.
An item of importance under which something is classified / described.
The indicative / operative part of some segment (account etc.) by which it is identified.
Totals of principle items.
The main sources of income categorised under different titles.
The main device that indicates the condition or direction.
Such industries which are key for the development of the economy.
To form the largest part of the group (those present) or whose votes are more in number.
The state of being full age.
Most of the people in a particular group.
A certificate in respect of attaining majority.
Decision taken by more people voting for it than against.
A logic circuit which has one output and several inputs, and whose output is energized only if a majority of its inputs are energized. Also known as majority logic; Majority gate.
A logic circuit which has one output and several inputs, and whose output is energized only if a majority of its inputs are energized. Also known as majority element; majority logic.
A logic circuit which has one output and several inputs, and whose output is energized only if a majority of its inputs are energized. Also known as majority element; Majority gate.
An act of representing majority.
A situation where one group gets more votes than the other in favour of proposal made by them.
The primary key used to identify a record, such as account number or name.
The major lobe of an antenna radiation pattern is the lobe containing the maximum power. Also called main lobe; main beam.
A part which is important or large in size.
any relatively difficult surgical procedure that usually involves vital organs
Construction works which are big in size.
In communication field, a switch whose activation makes a dial telephone line or group of telephone lines appear to be busy and thereby prevents completion of incoming calls.
To restore things lost or falling short.
To compensate for the loss or damage.
One who executes a document or signs it.
A person who has executed / signed the promissory note in the capacity of executor.
When the name of the maker / producer and its brand are required to be indicated on the product market.
To act to overcome some deficiency.
The time required to rerun programs on a computer because of operator errors and other problems.
Wages which are compensatory.
The price which is ultimately paid.
any disorder or disease
a prefix that means bad, abnormal or unfavourable
cheek bone or zygomatic bone
the cheek skin part on face.
inadequate or disordered absorption of nutrients from the gastrointestinal tract
pathological softening in any part or any tissue of the body
A Science branch dealing in the study of soft bodied invertebrates such as snail.
Adjustments which have not been done properly.
in psychiatry, inability to cope up with stresses or problems of daily living
Administration which is inefficient / dishonest.
illness or disorder
Which has been done in bad faith.
Something that is done in bad faith.
Efforts inspired by bad faith.
Acts which are inspired by bad faith.
Weakness of the body
A feeling of general discomfort in the body
a vague feeling of uneasiness or discomfort
bone of cheek
of, about, or pertaining to cheek or cheek bones
a quadrilateral bone of the face that forms the prominence of the cheek
Bad region or oarticular region is not hygenic.
a mosquito - borne infectious disease caused by a parasite Plasmodium, that affects red blood cells and characterized by fever, chills and enlarged spleen
of, about, or relating to malaria
a profound state of ill health that results from prolonged continuation of malaria infection and marked by jaundice, anaemia, splenomegaly and emaciation
state of ill health associated with chronic malarial infection and characterized by profound anaemia, jaundice, splenomegaly and emaciation
a fever produced by malarial infection and marked by occurrence of chills, increased body temperature and sweating in paroxysms
a fever caused by malaria infection and characterized by association with rigors and reduces with profound sweating
A specialist in malaria.
one who does or who has done scientific study of malaria
apex of the rounded elevation of the malar bone
defective assimilation of nutrients by the body
Behaviour which is not proper.
a form of motion sickness caused by the motion of ship or boat in sea water
abnormal, defective, or deficient development
Bad development or Less development
abnormal or imperfect digestion
Distribution that has not been done properly or with good intentions.
an individual of the sex that produces sperms for fertilization of ovum
Plants which bear stamens and pollens only.
a fern having rhizomes and stalks from which an oleoresin is obtained that is used to expel tapeworms
Having features of male as well as female.
A family of worms or nematodes.
Organs of male which carry out sexual activities.
Inability of plant to form functional anthers or gametes.
Abnormal body structure.
defective or abnormal formation or structure
Something underdeveloped or abnormal.
abnormal or defective function
A program used in troubleshooting.
A program used in troubleshooting.
a colourless crystalline acid that is found mostly in unripe fruits and plants
The intention to harm someone deliberately.
Expression of desire to hurt someone.
A state of being malignant.
the property or state of being malignant
A cell of cancer.
a disease or disorder occurring in severe form and progressively worsening, usually used in reference to cancer
a cancer of the liver cells
constantly high arterial blood pressure that is marked by vascular hemorrhagic lesions, left ventricular hypertrophy and papilledema
rapidly developed extremely high fever occurring during the administration of general anaesthesia
severe jaundice with high fever and delirium that is seen in severe hepatits and other diseases causing liver failure
A tumor of cancer
an acute condition marked by severe depression of the bone marrow that results in neutropenia and inability of the body to defend itself from infections
anthrax infection that forms a papule, that becomes a vesicle and breaks with discharge of bloody serum; symptoms of septicemia are present
A mass of cancer cell
a tumour that shows uncontrolled growth, invasion of the surrounding tissues and metastasis
A recruit who spends too much time at sick call.
one who pretends incapacity, such as due to illness, to avoid work or duty or to get sympathy or compensation
pretending incapacity, such as due to illness, to avoid work or duty or to get sympathy or compensation
a skin disease caused by parasitic worms or vermin
The quality or state of being flexible
capable of being extended or shaped by hammering or by pressure
pathological spasmodic action of hands which strike the thigh like a hammer
A rounded bony prominence such as those on either side of the ankle joint.
either of the bony rounded protuberances on each side of the ankle
a surgical instrument functioning as a hammer
the outermost hammer - shaped ossicle of the three auditory ossicles, that is connected with the tympanic membrane and with incus
Insects which do not show the growth of wings.
A tree having medicinal value found in tropical regions of India.
Condition of weakness / illness that is caused by not eating good / proper food.
poor or faulty nutrition caused by malabsorption, overeating, or poor diet
Faulty or inadequate nutrition
improper occlusion, particularly incorrect relation between opposing teeth due to their misalignment
the structures formed by Bowman 's capsule and glomerulus at the proximal end of the nephron in the kidney
The organs present in insects which help in excretion and to regulate osmotic pressure.
abnormal or defective position of an organ or part of the body
Professional misconduct - improper behaviour.
A practice of criminal intent.
improper or negligent medical or surgical practice that may result in injury or damage to the patient
Practice not done according to law
Improper or professional misconduct.
A mal practice
Improper position. or performance
abnormal position of the fetus in the birth canal at the time of childbirth, that makes the delivery difficult or impossible
failure of normal rotation of an organ or system, such as of gut, during development of embryo
Barley or other grain soaked in water.
the artificially germinated or dried seed of barley or other grain
Enzyme facilitatiing breaking of maltose to sugar.
A sugar derived from the action of diastase on barley.
a sugar that is formed by union of two units of glucose
The act of treating badly.
an ailment or disease
faulty or incomplete union of the segments of the fractured bone
any dome - shaped elevation that resembles a breast, usually denoting the protuberances present on the cutting edge of the incisor tooth at the time of its eruption
a prominence present on the superior articular process of lumbar vertebra
the milk - secreting gland of the female mammals
Excision of the breast.
any of the animals of class Mammalia including humans, the female species of which possesses milk - producing mammary glands to feed their young ones
pain in the mammary glands
a class of warm - blooded vertebrates marked by presence of mammary glands in the female
plastic surgery of the breast to change its size, shape or position
A breast
of, about, or relating to breasts
abscess of the subcutaneous and connective tissue of the mammary gland
abscess of the mammary gland, usually without any abnormality of the milk secretion
A hyperpigmented area around the nipple
A gland present in breast.
gland in the female mammals that produces milk for the nourishment of young ones
milk - producing gland in the female mammals
an imaginary transverse line connecting the two nipples
partial or total surgical removal of the breast tissue
similar to breasts or breast shaped
A small elevated, rounded mass on breast
Any nipple shaped part or prominance
small projection in the center of the areola of the mammary gland, that contains outlets of lactiferous ducts in female
any nipple - shaped elevation or protuberance
plastic surgery of the nipple and the areolar region of the breast
of, about, or relating to breasts or resembling breasts
having the form of or resembling nipple
inflammation of the mammilla or nipple
inflammation of the breasts or mammary glands
radiographic image of the breast
A radiograph of breast.
a diagnostic procedure done to examine breast tissue with the help of x - rays
A plastic surgery of breast
A communications network that covers a geographic area such as a town, city or suburb.
A type of linked investment spread over various components like equities, fixed interest securities etc. in a decided / declared pattern.
The currency where government can intervene in fixing the rate of exchange.
When there is political intervention in country 's currency to find level of exchange in the market.
The position when exchange rate of a currency is influenced by government in the foreign exchange market.
When rules and regulations have been laid down by the government for monetary arrangement of the country.
Organising directing the work of an organisation.
The process of managing conduct of business of a concern in a professional manner.
The general idea concerning managing thing.
The expenses incurred on conducting management.
Improving skills relating to management.
Expenses incurred on management matters.
A computer - based system or service, designed to help managers plan and direct business and organizational operations.
When number of informative statements are required to be furnished by the organisation to the controlling authority on various subjects.
The system of managing debt obligation of the Govt. of India both internal and external.
The proportion of resources spend on management.
Branch of knowledge dealing with management related matters.
Group of persons directly connected with and overseeing management related matters.
The systematic and scientific method of managing or art of managing.
Person who is incharge of a functional team and is responsible for working.
Network of providing managerial services.
A committee constituted to look after day - to - day functioning of the organisation.
A person appointed to take charge of the day to day activities of the company.
A senior partner in charge of the firm with high level of involvement and responsibility.
Manchester coding is also known as Phase encoding.
Manchester code is also known as Phase encoding.
A self - clocking data encoding method that divides the time required to define the bit into two cycles. The first cycle is the data value (0 or 1) and the second cycle provides the timing by shifting to the opposite state. Also called manchester coding; Phase Encoding (PE).
A line code in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and occupies the same time. Also called manchester coding; manchester code.
A command from the competent authority.
An official instruction by an authority.
Support for a policy or course of action given to the winning party in election.
Increase in price which is as per directive.
Which is compulsory.
Conveying a command to do something.
Something that has to be done because the law says so.
Something that must be done compulsorily.
Money to be set aside for special purpose as per directive or order.
Which is required to be complied with as an order.
Topics which are to be taken up compulsorily.
Meeting that is required to be convened compulsorily.
A clause that is required to be provided in a document.
Something that is required compulsorily.
A day (fix period of hours) spent by a worker counted as a day of work.
The prescribed number of hours put into work connected to labour - days.
When the workers do not work for the day (days).
A U shaped bone of the lower jaw.
a large U - shaped bone that forms the lower jaw, holds the lower teeth, and forms a joint with temporal bone on either side
An organ associated with the insect mouth helping them to bite or suck food.
of, about, or relating to mandible
first of the branchial arches that develop in the fetal life
a depression in the temporal bone that articulates with the condyle of the mandible
A gland secreting saliva present near the jaw.
long, thick human hair on the head
a cutaneous disease of the mammals caused by parasitic mites causing inflammation of skin, hair loss and itching
Trees, shrubs growing in shallow sea river banks.
Covered opening in a floor (sewer etc.) for gaining access for doing some work.
Number of hours put into work.
A mental condition having excitemant
a type of mental disorder characterized by abnormally elevated mood and energy levels, talkativeness, poor judgement, rapid speech and racing thoughtness
mania caused by heavy alcohol consumption
relating to or suffering from mania
pertaining to or characterized by mania
List of cargo or passangers.
Display of sign and symtos of a diseases.
obvious or clearly noticeable
noticeable appearance of a disease in the form of its signs and symptoms
A department that clears the list of cargo / passangers.
the amount of hypermetropia present when all accomodation is relaxed
The person who prepares manifest.
Public declaration of policy and aims.
The growth / increase that has taken place in a multiple manner.
The stage of advancement or improvement that is multilayer not restricted to one post.
A tropical plant of the Manihot group.
A tree which is grown for its rubber.
A plant with roots which has an edible value and a stem which can be easily broken.
Variable whose value is being altered to bring a change in some condition. Also called independent variable.
Managing things in an skillful manner.
Done by hand
A treatment by hand
manual or mechanical treatment in a skillful manner
To manage accounts deceitfully.
The act of manipulating prices.
Refers to the time of minutes spent by labour on some work.
A simulation that employs a MAN - MACHINE model.
The fibre which is made manually and not a natural crop.
Depolying workmen.
The standard of deployment of workmen.
Skillful or careful movement.
To work by hand
Planned movements or procedure
Instrument used to determining liquid or gaseous pressure.
a device used for measuring the pressure of liquids or gases
The number of workmen for some specific job.
The number of people needed to perform a job.
Audit relating to manpower.
The process or power to keep the man power under restraint or to regulate at.
To engage people into effective action.
The requirement of workmen to be predicted in advance.
The process or art of managing manpower.
To get together the work force for the work.
The process of making a plan for deployment of man power.
Detailed scheme on engaging manpower.
The number of people which are needed for doing a specific job.
Detailed examination of matters relating to manpower.
The state of being utilised of the manpower.
The process when a group of workers start work when another set finishes.
The unlawful killing of human being without express or implied malice
Insects with big eyes and rests by raising forelegs as if they are praying.
Ranking that is with relation to each person.
a cutaneous test for tuberculosis in which a small amount of tuberculin is injected in the skin and reaction is seen after a specific time
a skin test for tuberculosis in which a small amount of tuberculin is injected intradermally
A handbook of rules.
A handbook of rules.
A book of instructions for operating a machine or learning a subject.
A book of instructions for operating a machine or learning a subject.
of, pertaining to, or performed by the hands
A book that contain instructions about how to do a thing or operate a process.
Any exchange where calls are completed by an operator.
Any exchange where calls are completed by an operator.
The entry of data by hand into a device at the time of processing.
The entry of data by hand into a device at the time of processing.
The entry of data by hand into a device at the time of processing.
Those who are engaged in physical form of labour.
The book that contains instructions to use a machine or to do a process.
Any processing operation performed by hand.
Any processing operation performed by hand.
Any processing operation performed by hand.
A work plan to use or deploy the man power.
Ability to do something by hand.
Work that can be operated by hand.
the broad upper segment of sternum
the upper segment of the sternum articulating with the clavical and first pair of costal cartilage.
the broad upper segment of sternum
A place where articles are made.
an industrial building for manufacture
The process of making articles.
to create or to produce something
The act of making something (a product) from raw materials.
Put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
The goods which have been produced.
Who is engaged in manufacturing of articles.
The person who represents the manufacturer.
The process of producing.
Account relating to manufacturing of articles.
Accounts which are related to manufacturing of articles.
It was a computer network standard released in 1982 for interconnection of devices from multiple manufacturers.
The process relating to manufacturing.
Enterprises under public sector which are engaged in manufacturing.
An area / part engaged in manufacturing activities.
Material used to fertilize soil.
The hand
the distal part of the upper limb, including carpus, metacarpus, and digits
Documents written in hand (books etc.).
A defined year of work done by a worker.
A large larege cloth applied to the chest, obdomen. etc
The interrelation between two interlinked tables where one record of one table may have correlation with the another table or vice versa.
A many - to - one relationship is where one entity (typically a column or set of columns) contains values that refer to another entity (a column or set of columns) that has unique values.
A diagram representing physical features of a place.
A diagram of an area showing physical features.
1. To assign a path or drive letter to a disk drive. 2. To transfer a set of objects from one place to another. 3. To translate, or convert, from one format to another. 4. To relate one set of objects with another.
a disorder caused by the defective metabolism of branched chain amino acids, marked by physical and mental retardation, severe ketoacidosis and distinctive maple syrup odour of urine
A procedure for minimizing Boolean functions using a Karnaugh map.
Explaining detailed plan / position or explaining financial matters.
A special register containing the address of a word currently required.
suffering from or affected by marasmus
pertaining to or suffering from marasmus
Cachexia in children
Atrophy, wasting in an infant due to malnutrition.
progressive emaciation occurring in young children due to protein - energy malnutrition
the residue that remains after pressing a fruit, especially after pressing grapes
Plants which show the absence of roots and no circulatory system.
Account prepared for the end of March (3rd month of a calendar year which is usually the end for financial year).
A time table at the end of March.
fracture of one of the metatarsals occurring from recurrent over stress
The introductory account for March.
Adjustments which are in addition to the original for March.
Schedule of additional item prepared for March.
A lower limit of possibility.
Difference between the cost of purchase or production and sale value of the same.
A border of body part.
border or edge of an organ or structure
A boundry, edge, border, of the organ
The blank space bordering the written or printed page.
The amount by which one thing differs from another.
The expected amount of profit in some transaction.
The boundary line of the wings of insects.
The space between text and the edge of the page.
The space between text and the edge of the page.
To small in amount.
of, about, or relating to margin
Something on the edge or boundary.
Adjustments which are of small nature.
An assessee who is at edge.
Such buyer who buys in small quantity.
The cost which is variable and depends on the level of output.
Such type of cultivation which does not give adequate yield or which is not profitable.
Demand which is not in big quantity.
The process of distribution at a lower limit.
When deployment of extra capital gives only limited or little benefit of increased production or productivity.
Cultivator who holds land upto a size defined in the government policy or having family income below the stipulated level.
Cultivator who holds land upto a size defined in the government policy or having family income below the stipulated level.
the superior frontal ridge present on the surface of cerbral hemisphere
The income which is meagre or very little.
When increase is in small quantity.
Those labouerers whose earnings are not sufficient to meet even the essential requirments of life.
Small size of land holding that does not provide adequate crop yield for maintaining the family.
When letter of credit is restrictive in some manner or special terms are attached.
Limited to a small degree.
Which have been taken note of in a small degree.
Note recovered in the blank space bordering the written page.
The people of small means who are connected with each other in the transaction in the form of buyer and seller.
Nominal amount of goods produced.
Presence of ovules on the ovarian wall.
The price which has been fixed close to the lower limit.
A person who is manufacturing close to a lower limit.
It is the partial derivative of the production option with respect to capital when applied as additional unit.
This is a rule in terms of which employer will only pay a wage that is at least is equal to the amount of extra value added.
The tendency that shows that a proportion of additional income will be used for investment.
The tendency that shows that proportion of additional income will be saved.
Insignificant amount of purchases.
Which is too small to make difference.
The earnings which are negligible.
The amount of receipts which is not significant.
Seller who is selling in small quantity.
A system test that introduces values far above and far below the expected values.
A system test that introduces values far above and far below the expected values.
A system test that introduces values far above and far below the expected values.
Amount of benefit derived from consuming one additional unit of a product or service.
Maximum satisfaction out of expenditure of a given sum can be obtained if the utility derived from the last unit of money is more or less same.
Change in total satisfaction derived from the purchase of one additional or incremental unit of a specific goods or service, all else being equal.
Land which is likely to became waste.
Worker who does not have adequate work.
The low amount of crop from harvesting.
adhesion of white blood cells to the inner surface of blood vessel walls at the site of injury
It is the amount generated by sales to cover fixed costs and contributed by each operative department in proportion.
The difference between the value of the security offered for loan and the amount of loan provided.
A deposit of funds that may be treated as protection against possible loss.
The small degree to which calculations may be wrong.
In commercial terms, it is the difference between the production other costs of a product and the selling price.
A price that is quoted for sale by keeping a margin.
The amount of margin that is required to be maintained.
The amount of profit over the cost of something.
When trading is done on the condition of advance payment of the part of value.
a large evergreen tree of the family Meilaceae found in India that has antifungal and antibacterial activity
any of the pinnate green - leaved plant of the daisy family that has white, yellow, orange, or red flowers
A plant bearing large orange flowers and cultivated for oil.
Charges paid in connection with Insurance relating to shipping.
A fund created for marine insurance.
Which is found in, or produced by the sea.
The risk relating to the sea.
Position connected with marriage.
Head of district administration in a shore area.
Matters of intentional deception relating to or occurring at sea.
A distinguishing feature.
any area or spot on the surface that is different from the surrounding area due to difference in colour or elevation or any such pecularity
A visible written or printed symbol, distinct feature, or member, which may help recognising something.
A visible written or printed symbol, distinct feature, or member, which may help recognising something.
A visible written or printed symbol, distinct feature, or member, which may help recognising something.
That class of character recognition systems which employs coded documents, in the form of boxes or windows, in order to convey intended information by means of pencil or ink marks made in specific boxes.
That class of character recognition systems which employs coded documents, in the form of boxes or windows, in order to convey intended information by means of pencil or ink marks made in specific boxes.
That class of character recognition systems which employs coded documents, in the form of boxes or windows, in order to convey intended information by means of pencil or ink marks made in specific boxes.
Reduction in price or process of reduction in prices.
Having a noticeable mark.
Capacity of something (machine etc.) which is recorded and clearly noticeable.
When a cheque is required to be presented for clearing but for some reason could not be presented by the collecting banker, then bank mark it for special presentation.
The condition of becoming worse which is clearly noticeable.
The condition of becoming much better than before which is clearly noticeable.
Price of something which is distinctly indicated on the product.
A considerable blow to progress or reversal to progress.
Object used for marking.
A place where goods or services are bought and sold.
A place where goods or services are bought and sold.
The state of fitness of stocks to be sold.
Which can be sold easily in the market (free from defect).
A debt that can be marketed.
Such type of security which can be sold easily in the market.
The amount of goods that remains after sales and to be sold.
Such legal right to ownership which is free from defect and can be sold easily.
Reach in market or to be able to conduct operations in the market.
The foreknowledge of the market tend.
Goods which have been brought to the market for selling.
The amount of money which has been raised from the market on return basis.
The commercial establishments or markets which are connected with each other.
This is an equation and the market mechanism is an alternative to having such decisions made by government on interest rate.
System of presenting cheques / drafts etc. through the banking procedure for ultimate payment through the clearing house.
Strive for supermacy in the market.
The goods or services which are likely to be required.
Rate of something is decided by the market forces.
The state of disruption in the market.
Economy which is operated and controlled by market forces.
The mechanism or the rule according to which market moves or changes.
Goods which are being sold in the market.
Situation where the supply of an item is exactly equal to its demand.
Factors that could be considered important for understanding the functioning of market.
The state of excessive supply in the market.
Knowledge that is acquired in any manner relating to market operations.
The activity of trying to sell a product using all available resources like advertising offering special packages etc.
An agency or organisation undertaking marketing activities.
A course through which marketing efforts are directed.
To exercise authority or to regulate marketing activities.
Financial facilities which are granted for undertaking marketing activities.
A structure created for undertaking marketing activities.
A system or way of doing marketing.
The system of marketing of agriculture produce.
Arrangement for marketing small items of produce from forests.
The process or method of running marketing activities.
The method of doing marketing.
A share fixed for marketing.
Societies which undertake selling (Marketing / operations).
Collaboration of two or more groups for the purpose of marketing.
Secret information relating to market operations / movement.
A person who acts as middleman in the market in negotiating transactions. Also known as broker or agent.
A person who acts as middleman in the market in negotiating transactions. Also known as broker or agent.
Those who provide lead guide, conduct and influence the market.
The predecided number of share which can be easily sold or purchased in the market.
Important intermediaries in the secondary market who are ready to buy or sell securities / shares on their own or find takers for them.
Economy which is market driven / directed towards market or that suits the market.
It is a market where goods are available on open offer for anyone to buy.
One who participates in the market and play a dominant role.
A situation prevailing in the market.
Possibility of something being marketed.
A written or circulated account of the situation in the market which interalia describes the prevailing market rates etc.
A reaction to a particular situation in the market.
The situation beyond which no more can be absorbed by the market.
The process of dividing market into segments.
Opinion or views in the market about something or some developments.
A sudden violent impact in the market.
A wide range of something in the market.
Market where payment for transaction is made immediately.
To study market situation closely.
The general tendency of the market to move in a particular direction.
The state of confusion prevailing in the market.
An undercurrent of feeling or subdued sound in the market.
Visible sign
Painting shapes or * * * * * * on the articles and keeping them in some order.
Bias distortion that lengthens the marking impulse.
Bias distortion that lengthens the marking impulse.
In telegraphic communications, that portion of the emission during which the active portions of the code character are being transmitted. Also known as keying wave.
In mathematics, a random process where all information about the future is contained in the present state (i. e. one does not need to examine the past to determine the future).
An information source whose underlying dynamics are given by a stationary finite Markov chain. Also called markov source.
An information source whose underlying dynamics are given by a stationary finite Markov chain. Also called markov information source.
In character recognition, that form of mark detection which employs a photoelectric device to locate and convey intended information; the information appears as special marks on sites (windows) within the document coding area.
Numericals units.
The automatic optical sensing of marks recorded on a data medium. Synonymous with optical mark reading.
The automatic optical sensing of marks recorded on a data medium. Synonymous with optical mark reading.
In character recognition, detecting pencil lines in predefined boxes on paper forms.
Sheet containing marks obtained.
Sheet containing marks obtained.
Numerical units awarded.
In electronics, a multiplier used in analog computers in which one input controls the mark - to - space ratio of a square wave while the other input controls the amplitude of the wave, and the output, obtained by a smoothing operation, is proportional to the average value of the signal. Also known as time - division multiplier.
In electronics, the ratio of the duration of the positive - amplitude part of a square wave to that of the negative - amplitude part. Also known as mark - to - space ratio.
A system adopted for marking the product or something.
Such price of the securities on which transactions take place in the market daily.
To account for securities in the books at the rate prevailing in the market.
In electronics, the ratio of the duration of the positive - amplitude part of a square wave to that of the negative - amplitude part. Also known as mark - space ratio.
The process of switching from a mark to a space.
The amount which is added to the cost price of an article to decide its selling price.
To mark goods at a higher price.
A special type of allowance admissible on marital status.
A certificate issued confirming solemnization of marriage.
A fatty substance in the cavities of long bones.
the hemopoietic connective tissue filling the cavities of the bone
To unite closely through a contract.
an area of soft wet land commonly covered with water
The process of arranging assets in some specified order for equitable distribution.
An equitable principle regarding position of creditors among themselves vis -  - vis debtors.
An equitable rule relating to the position of creditors among themselves vis -  - vis a debtor.
A place where things / articles (wages etc.) are kept in an arranged order.
a mosquito - borne infectious disease caused by a parasite Plasmodium, that affects red blood cells and characterized by fever, chills and enlarged spleen
Enclosed cavity is converted into a pouch by surgery
pertaining to iron compounds or having iron in it
a soft rubber bandage used to compress the limb for the treatment of varicose veins or ulcers
One who sacrifices oneself for a cause.
A person or thing that is that is supported to bring good luck.
pertaining to or characterized by male sex features
realting to or having male sexual characters
of, about, or relating to the characteristics of male sex
Releting to or marked by the characteristics of the male sex.
Having qualities approprite to or usualy associated with men.
possession of characteristics or qualities of a male
normal or abnormal attainment of male sex characterisitcs
A bandage or device covering the face.
a cover generally worn over nose and mouth, used for protection from infection or administration of oxygen or anaesthestics
1. A pattern used to transfer a design onto an object. 2. A pattern of bits used to accept or reject bit patterns in another set of data.
1. A pattern used to transfer a design onto an object. 2. A pattern of bits used to accept or reject bit patterns in another set of data.
Hardware interrupts that can be enabled and disabled by software.
A 1 bit in a mask used to control the corresponding bit found in data.
A 1 bit in a mask used to control the corresponding bit found in data.
A 1 bit in a mask used to control the corresponding bit found in data.
A memory chip that is manufactured with its contents.
A memory chip that is manufactured with its contents.
The expressionless face.
In character recognition, a method employed in character property detection in which a correlation or match is attempted between a specimen character and each of a set of masks representing the characters to be recognized.
In character recognition, a method employed in character property detection in which a correlation or match is attempted between a specimen character and each of a set of masks representing the characters to be recognized.
In character recognition, a method employed in character property detection in which a correlation or match is attempted between a specimen character and each of a set of masks representing the characters to be recognized.
Masked devices are called mask - programmable device, implying programmability only at the time of manufacture.
Masked devices are called mask - programmable device, implying programmability only at the time of manufacture.
Masked devices are called mask - programmable device, implying programmability only at the time of manufacture.
A filter which determines the parts of a word which are to be tested.
A filter which determines the parts of a word which are to be tested.
A filter which determines the parts of a word which are to be tested.
A person experiences pleasure in being abused, humiliated
the act of getting pleasure, usually sexual pleasure, from being emotionally or physically abused
a person who obtains pleasure, usually sexual pleasure, from being emotionally or physically abused
Person who builds houses or other structures.
Stone / brick etc. work done by a mason.
Big gathering of ordinary people.
An approach made collectively by large number of people.
Consisting in large number or amount.
A cluster
A group
a lump or aggregation of a substance
A collection of matter.
a soft solid medicinal prepartion from which medicinal pills can be formed manually
How the mass affluent market uses borrowings and investment loans on which liability depends.
Methodical pressure
The rubbing and kneading of parts of body.
characteristic manipulation of body by rubbing, kneading or tapping, generally to achieve relaxation or for therapeutic purpose
the act of doing massage
A standard type of agreement devised for use by many people in the similar circumstances.
Banking which covers large number of people for the purpose of banking services.
Medium of communication used by large number of people.
Articles used for consumption by large number of ordinary people.
The customs, beliefs followed by a large number of people in a society.
Something which is distributed at a large scale.
A large muscle in the lower jaw.
Protecting large number of people by something unpleasant.
To protect some one from a particular type of disease particularly by vaccination to masses.
forming or consisting of a large mass or quantity
pneumonia marked by large amount of exudation and consolidation of a large part of affected lung
Market where large number of dealings take place.
Means of communication that provide information to the public e. g. newspapers, radio, television etc.
Drum or disk memory that provides rapid access bulk storage for messages that are awaiting availability of outgoing channels.
Drum or disk memory that provides rapid access bulk storage for messages that are awaiting availability of outgoing channels.
use of massage as a part of therapy
One who is producing goods on a large scale.
Goods produced in large quantity.
A peripheral storage with large capacity, especially one whose contents are directly accessible to a computer 's central processing unit (such as disks and tapes).
A device such as disks, tapes, USB flash drives etc which stores large data and directly accessible to a computer 's central processing unit.
A device such as disks, tapes, USB flash drives etc which stores large data and directly accessible to a computer 's central processing unit.
Strike which is at large scale.
A state where large number of people of employable stage are not getting employment.
Pole on which flags on a ship are hung.
inflammation of the breast or mammary gland
benign tumour of breast or mammary gland
pain in the breast
enlarged or inflammed breasts
wasting or atrophy of the mammary gland
Removal of the breast by surgary.
partial or complete surgical removal of the breast, usually as a treatment of breast cancer
A male teacher.
One who is in authority.
A standard type of agreement so devised that it can be used for many purposes.
A card that serves multi - purposes.
A clock that provides the primary source of internal timing for a processor or stand - alone control unit. Also known as main clock; master synchronizer; master timer.
The master frequency of the periodic pulses that schedule the operation of a digital computer. Also known as clock rate; clock speed.
The main terminal used by the computer operator or systems programmer to command the computer.
A signal which causes the master control program to take over control of a computer system.
A set of data which are rarely changed, or changed in a known and constant manner. Also called reference data.
Any information that is considered to play a key role in the core operation of a business. Also called reference data.
A master electronic oscillator, in frequency - division multiplexing (FDM), is a piece of equipment used to provide system end - to - end carrier frequency synchronization and frequency accuracy of tones. Also called master frequency generator.
File that contains records of all important matters.
A computer file that is used as the authority in a given job and that is relatively permanent.
An update program for a master file.
A master frequency generator, in frequency - division multiplexing (FDM), is a piece of equipment used to provide system end - to - end carrier frequency synchronization and frequency accuracy of tones. Also called master electronic oscillator.
In carrier telephony, ten supergroups (600 voice channels) multiplexed together and treated as a unit.
A computer magnetic tape on which all programs for a system of runs are recorded.
That can open a number of locks.
Who has the major responsibility of organising / conducting a function (introducing speakers / actors etc.).
A work of art, writing, music etc. that is considered to be the best in the relative area.
A plan that covers almost all aspects of something.
The basic updated record which will be used for the next run.
A set of data for an individual subject, such as a customer, employee or vendor.
Considered to be the main room (with all facilities).
A program in a job entry system that assigns priorities to jobs submitted for execution.
A system of interlinked computers under the control of one computer (master computer).
In a data network, the station that is designated by the control station to ensure data transfer to one or more slave stations.
A clock that provides the primary source of internal timing for a processor or stand - alone control unit. Also known as main clock; master clock; master timer.
A magnetic tape that contains data which must not be overwritten.
A computer terminal that is used to monitor and control a computer system.
A computer terminal that is used to monitor and control a computer system.
A clock that provides the primary source of internal timing for a processor or stand - alone control unit. Also known as main clock; master synchronizer; master clock.
to chew food
Chewing
the act or process of chewing the food
Act of chewing biting food inorder to swallow.
a remedy that is chewed but not swallowed
of, about, or pertaining to mastication
the force applied by the masticatory muscles during the process of mastication
protozoa having one or more flagella
inflammation of the breast
pain in the breast
similar to or resembling the breast
of, about, or pertaining to mastoid process
abscess occurring in the region of mastoid air cells
small interconnecting cavities in the mastoid process of the temporal bone, that are filled with air
Surgical removal of part of the mastoid process of the temporal bone
partial or complete surgical removal of the mastoid process
a small opening in the temporal bone behind the mastoid process
the lymph node located in the mastoid region
inflammation of the mastoid process
surgical incision into the mastoid process of the temporal bone
conical projection from the posterior part of the temporal bone that is located behind the ear
a nipple - like protuberance from the posterior part of the temporal bone that is located behind the ear
study of mammary glands
a swelling or tumour of the breasts
any disease condition of the breasts
surgical lifting and fixation of sagging breasts, generally for cosmetic purpose
plastic surgery of the breasts to modify its size, shape or position
sagging of the mammary glands
tumour of the mammary glands
Stimulation of sexual genitals by friction with hand.
self - stimulation of genitals to obtain sexual pleasure
To compare.
Being identical, equal or exactly alike.
The grant which is having the some amount that has been collected through own resources.
Such transactions where purchase and sale amount of a transaction in the market agrees.
Mother, the tissue covering of the brain and spinal cord.
The matter from which a thing can be made.
The matter from which a thing can be made.
Such matter which is available in physical form like wood, plastic etc.
Summary of facts information.
An account relating to material.
When some changes of important / significance nature are carried out without the consent of the concerned parties in a document / instrument.
A proportion of material cost in percentage terms to some other factor.
The date which has some significance or importance.
A mistake of significant nature.
Which is important and having a noticeable effect.
Things concerning the matter which are in physical existence.
The things that are used for making or doing something.
Materials which are readily available for use.
The act of managing materials.
The science dealing with the origin, action, uses and doses of the drugs.
Any agent used therapeutically.
the branch of medical science that deals with scientific study of medicinal drugs and their origin, preparation, dosage and use in therapy
pertaining to or obtained from mother
The number of maternal deaths that occure during or after the one and half month of the delivary.
The number of maternal deaths that occure as a result of reproductive process per live process.
Going to have a baby.
The state of being a mother (attaining motherhood).
Motherhood
A delivary of baby
of, about or relating to the condition of being a mother
Benefits (money etc.) given when somebody has a baby.
The obstetrical department of the hospital.
A hospital where women who are having babies are cared for.
A hospital designed for care of women before and after child birth and for the care of new born babies.
Absence from work allowed to a mother when she has a baby.
A absence on duty due to labour.
A person for the inspection and handle the labour.
A delivary room
A room for the care of mother rand child.
A programmed computer check of a sequence of operations, using the mathematical properties of that sequence. Also called arithmetic check.
That branch of the economics which analyses things in a manner relating to mathematics.
A rule for creating a set of new values from an existing set; for example, the function f (x) = 2x creates a set of even numbers (if x is a whole number).
A method of mathematical proof typically used to establish that a given statement is true of all natural numbers.
Accuracy relating to mathematics.
A system or methods used in particular fields, scientific study.
An act by which male and female cometogether inorder to reproduce.
killing of a mother by her own son or daughter
Who has passed high school examination.
Examinations relating to high school.
Relating to marriage.
The cavity in which any thing is formed, a mold.
intercellular substance of a tissue
the hollow muscular organ in which fertilized ovum develops into a fetus
The liquid part of the cell i. e cytoplasm.
1. A two - dimensional array; that is, an array of rows and columns. 2. The background area of color display. 3. The network of intersections between input and output leads in a computer, functioning as an encoder or a decoder.
inflammation of the formative portion of nail
The multiplication of matrices.
In mathematics, a natural extension of the notion of a vector norm to matrices.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called dot matrix printer; dot character printer.
A type of printer that forms each character or image as a group of small dots. Also called dot matrix printer; dot character printer.
A computer storage in which coordinates are used to address the locations or circuit elements. Also known as coordinate storage.
In telecommunication, a switch comprising an array of internal buses or circuits laid out in a grid of rows and columns so that connections can be set up anywhere the circuits intersect, and a path can be established between any input port and any output port.
A head nurse, female superintendent of an instituation.
a woman in charge of nursing staff in a hospital or medical institution
The situation that one has to deal with.
pus
anything that occupies space and has mass
A physical substance or material.
A subject on which there is disagreement.
The point or topic in question.
Issue that relates to course of action.
Abed stuffed with wool and quilted
A suture made by making double stitch forming a loop on both sides of a wound and producing eversion of edges of the wound
Ripening, achievement of full growth.
attainment of complete development
attainment of complete physical and emotional development
The act of complete development.
To become due for payment.
Who is grown up and developed.
Adult
Fully developed, ripend.
Something which is fully developed.
Ripe cataract, complete cataract.
the cataract in which entire lens is opaque
The creditor country which is in developed state.
The creditor country which is in developed state.
one who has attained complete development
A debtor country which is in developed state.
Policy which has become due for payment.
Economy which is in fully developed state.
Such loans tenure of which is coming to an end.
The state of being mature.
The date on which something has become due or mutual.
The risk that is involved during the period of time till maturity.
When the amount due for payment and amount to be received do not match or are at variance.
When the amount due for payment and amount to be received do not match or are at variance.
The way maturity has been arranged.
The amount received on maturity of some instrument / deposit etc.
an outline or short account in respect of maturity.
The amount which is to be received on maturity.
A network hub or switch. Also called Multi - Station Access Unit (MSAU).
any of the parasitic worms of stomach or intestine
One of the upper or lower jaw bone.
an irregularly shaped bone that forms the part of upper jaw and eye socket and supports the upper teeth
Mouthpart of many insects help in processing food.
of, about, or relating to maxilla
a salivary gland located on the inner side of each ramus of mandible
A flexible sting like mouth part in insects used to suck or sip food.
Component of the maxilary bone forming a flat bony structure of the zygomatic arch.
Plate like structure associated with the jaw of insects.
a bony plate projecting form the upper border of inferior nasal concha that articulates with maxilla
an air cavity in the body of maxilla with opening in the middle meatus of the nose
A strong needle like strucutre associated with the upper jaw.
Strucutre used in bitting and associated with the upper jaw.
A sensory organ associated with the upper jaw.
a deep vein of the face that accompanies maxillary artery, formed by the union of veins from the pterygoid plexus
Small structures presnt in the insects which help them in feeding.
surgical sectioning of the maxilla that is performed to allow partial or complete movement of the maxilla into the desired position
Rule of conduct expressed in some words.
of or being greatest possible quantity or degree
Increase or enhance to the extent possible.
The rate that explains how to derive maximum / optimum utility.
The highest possible.
Highest attainable amount.
The greatest quantity, effect or value.
highest or greatest possible quantity or degree
The highest
The average amount of salary which is highest.
The greatest possible gain.
The limit upto which loan can be borrowed.
largest amount of drug that can be taken safely by an individual
The upper limit that can be fixed for item of export.
A type of pseudorandom binary sequence. Also sometimes called a n - sequence or a m - sequence.
The tax rate which is just doing the limit.
The highest rate at which the modules perform iteratively and reliably.
The pay which is highest.
The upper limit of loan / finance that a bank can allow to an entity.
The highest amount of money that is required to be paid.
The upper limit of a rate (interest rate) that can be applied.
The highest possible amount of income.
a thermometer that registers the highest temperature attained in a specific time interval
In computer networking, the size (in bytes) of the largest protocol data unit in a layer of a communications protocol that it can pass onwards.
In computer networking, the size (in bytes) of the largest protocol data unit in a layer of a communications protocol that it can pass onwards.
The upper limit of the frequencies that can be used at a specified time for point - to - point radio transmission involving propagation by reflection from the regular ionized layers of the ionosphere.
The act of using most effectively.
A sum (OR) of n Boolean variables, uncomplemented or complemented but not repeated, in a Boolean function of n variables.
A short lived insect with very dilicate wings and having a aquatic as well as terrestrial life cycle.
inflammation of the breast
Bachelor Of Medicine.
A unit of information or computer storage equal to one million bits, or more precisely 1, 048, 576 (220) bits.
A unit of information or computer storage equal to one million bits, or more precisely 1, 048, 576 (220) bits.
A unit of data transfer rates; it refers to one million bytes.
A measure of data transfer speed (a megabit is equal to one million bits).; 1 Mbps Mb / s = 1, 000, 000 bits per second (not 1, 048, 576).
The register in a computer 's processor, or CPU, that stores the data being transferred to and from the immediate access store. Also known as memory data register.
A measure of data transfer speed (a megabit is equal to one million bits).; 1 Mbps Mb / s = 1, 000, 000 bits per second (not 1, 048, 576).
A unit of computer memory or data storage capacity equal to one million bytes, or more precisely 1, 048, 576 (220) bytes.
One million cycles / periods per second. Commonly known as Megahertz.
the point at one third the distance from right anterior superior iliac spine to umbilicus that shows maximum tenderness in acute appendicitis
A S / 370 hardware feature that analyzes errors and attempts recovery by retrying the failing instruction.
A weighted spanning tree, formed from a weighted graph, such that the real numbers assigned to each edge, when summed, total not greater than the corresponding sum for any other weighted spanning tree.
A wiring rack that connects outside lines with internal lines; The network closet containing the main hub.
The register of a computer 's control unit that contains the data to be stored in the computer storage (e. g. RAM), or the data after a fetch from the computer storage. Also known as memory buffer register.
A disk drive that contains one or more magnetic heads, and associated controls that can store on and retrieve data from magnetic disks.
A butterfly found in meadows and which survives by consuming grasses.
Parasitic worm feeding on the plant roots.
The food consumed at a specified time.
Measure at a time
the food served and eaten in one sitting by habit or custom
Larvae form of the beetle.
Plant pest feeding on their juices and have a scale like structure.
Average of a set of values, middle.
average of set of values
The middle point of capital between two limits deployed i. e. average or mean of maximum and minimum.
average volume of red blood cells
Use of methods by which some end is achieved.
Such components which are required for production.
Essential requirements for living.
The predicted elapsed time between inherent failures of a system during operation.
The approximate amount of time expected before a system or component will fail.
The average amount of time a functional unit will spend in corrective maintenance over a given period of time.
The average amount of time needed to repair a failed unit.
The value / price which is between two limits, average price.
It is a abnormal condition in child
An infective disease causing fever and red rash.
an acute infectious viral disease, usually occurring in childhood, marked by fever, inflammation of the respiratory passages and eruption of red spots on skin
of, having, or relating to measles
To determine the size, amount or degree of something by decided means of measurement.
A device used in measuring
To determine the size, amount or quantity by some measurement.
Telephone service for which charge is made according to the measured amount of usage.
The act of measuring.
The act of measuring, Determination of dimensions or quantity
Book used for recording measurements.
A single value that summarizes a set of data. It locates the center of the values.
It is the factor that estimates the potential market value of a financial asset.
Steps initiated.
Quantities that express the amount of variation in a random variable.
the flesh of animals, especially of mammals, that is consumed by human beings
of, about, or relating to meatus
reconstructive plastic surgery of the meatus
plastic surgergy of meatus
suturing the wound made by performing meatotomy
a speculum for examining a meatus or natural passage, as the urethra
examination of the meatus, such as urethra, by using a specialized speculum
a surgical incision made to enlarge a meatus
A passage
A channal
a passage or opening, especially the external opening of a natural passage
a passage in the temporal bone of skull through which nerves from inside the cranium pass towards the middle and inner ear compartments
narrow tubelike passage of the external ear
the external opening of the urethra
An skilled workmen.
Relating to machines.
performed with the help of machines or tools
Explaining phenomena in terms of mechanics.
A defect in working of machine.
A dictionary of machanical terms.
obstruction of the intestine due to some mechanical cause such as gallstones
A veporization given by machine
A tissue comprising of cells which have a thick wall.
Automatic translation of one language into another by means of a computer or other machine. Also known as machine translation.
a vector that only carries pathogens to susceptible individual and is not essential for the development of the pathogen
A system that provides automated assistance to the production of a program correctness proof.
the branch of physics that deals the with study of motion of bodies and their behaviour when subjected to force
Methods of routine operations in the market.
The act of equipping the clearing houses with machines or process of mechanising the clearing house operations.
The system of processing cheques which is automated run on machines.
The structure of a machine.
The working of a machine.
the way or the means by which something happens or works
the process or technique by which something happens or works
A process
the mechanism by which eye lens is adjusted for seeing objects at various distances
The stationary equal process
constant equal procees
The process of work
Accounts which are maintained with the help of machines.
A sensory organ providing information about the environmental mechanical signals.
treatment of diseases with the help of mechanical devices
a crystalline lactone found in opium
an addiction to opium or opium poisoning
the dark green fecal material of the newborn infant that remains accumulated in the bowel during fetal life and is discharged shortly after birth
intestinal obstruction in the newborn by thickened meconium
A group which includes Insects which are carniverous.
The means of mass communication (e. g. news papers, T. V. etc.)
middle layer of the wall of an artery or any other tubular structure
A substance used for cultivation and storage of micro - organisams
The lower sublayer of the OSI data link layer. Also known as Medium access control.
The lower sublayer of the OSI data link layer. Also known as Medium access control.
A network hub or switch. Also called Multi - Station Access Unit (MSAU).
nearer to the median plane
The border of a structure closest to the medial plane.
Cell situated toward the center or middle.
the rounded process located at the medial side of the lower end of tibia
located in the midline of a body or structure
Mascular pouch like structure present in the oesaphagous.
A drug which has a probability of producing 50% positive result.
an imaginary line that divides the body surface equally into right and left halves
A tube which aids the passage or deposition of egg.
Inflammation of the middle ear.
of, about, or relating to mediastinum
inflammation of the mediastinum
radiographic imaging of the mediastinum
inflammation of the pericardium and mediastinal tissue
an endoscope used for the inspection of mediastinum
Examination of the mediastinum with the help of a mediastinoscope, usually done for staging or detecting lung cancer
surgical incision into the mediastinum
A septum between two parts of an organ or a cavity.
The median partition of the thoracic cavity
the portion of the thoracic cavity in the middle of the thorax between two lungs, that contains heart and all the thoracic viscera except lungs
To intervene between dispute of two parties.
The act of mediating.
One who mediates.
An intermediary substance
A legume plant with bluish flowers and grown for hay and pasture.
Relating to the science of medicine or treatment of disease.
Related to treatment
of, about, or relating to medicine or its practice
Related to medicine
Advice relating to treatment.
Help in connection with treatment.
Bills (receipts etc.) on expenditure incurred on treatment.
Rules framed for medication / treatment.
Authority controlling matters relating to medical.
Benefits relating to medical treatment.
Receipts etc. in connection with medical treatment.
A group of officials overseeing medical matters.
A certificate regarding medical treatment taken.
A certificate regarding medical treatment taken.
a document given by an authorized medical practitioner about the health status of an individual and treatment applied if any
A certificate of treatment
A certificate declaring that some one is fit to work.
A certificate declaring unfitness or status of bad health of someone rendering him unfit to work.
Rules regarding treatment
moral values and principles related to the practice of medicine
principles of proper practice of medicine related to the duties and rights of physicians and patients
A medical documentary proof
An examination conducted to judge the status of health.
application of study of genetics to branch of medicine
Inspection covering medical matters.
An insurance covering specified risks relating to medical matters.
A medical body of law
the branch of medicine that deals with application of medical knowledge to legal matters
Leave on account of ill health.
Absence from duty for treatment
Authorised doctor
One who practices medicine.
To follow medical profession.
practice of medicine
A medical service man
To make or get ready for use relating to medicine.
A service related to treatment
A card that contain details of medical history of a person.
A card that contain details of medical history of a person.
To pay back the amount incurred on medical treatment.
Medical assistance given to the needy.
A report covering medical matters / status.
the science that deals with prevention and cure of diseases and maintenance of health
the science that deals with the study of health maintenance and prevention and treatment of diseases
The process of medication.
A substance used in medicine
a medicinal prepartion
a medicinal application or remedy
relating to a drug, particulary to its adverse reaction
to administer a medicine
consisting of medicinal substance
The process of medicine
the process of administration of medicine
treatment of a disease
self - healing property of every organism that occurs naturally
Relating to medicine having curative properties.
of, about, or relating to medicine
Drug or other preparation used for treatment or science of diagnosis, treatment of disease.
The science related to cure the disease only by medicine.
study of prevention and treatment of diseases, especially by nonsurgical means
a drug or remedy used for the prevention or cure of a disease
A drug.
A divisionof medicine
about or concerned with both, medicine and law
A doctor who advises on legal matters.
Inspection related to both medicine and the law
Use of insect evidence in cracking criminal cases and which has a legal value.
Statement related to both medicine and the law
A person doing social and medical service
doctor or physician
a ridge on the frontal lobe of the cerebrum bounded by inferior frontal sulcus below, superior frontal sulcus above and precentral sulcus behind
a gyrus present on the temporal lobe of the cerebrum between the superior temporal gyrus and inferior temporal gyrus
Means by which something is communicated.
a substance through which another substance moves or acts
The lower sublayer of the OSI data link layer. Also known as Media access control.
In a local area network, the protocol that determines which device has access to the transmission medium at a given time.
A bank which is neither large or small in size.
Such type of farmers whose land holdings are little more than the average.
Financial facilities / accommodation which is not large in size but in the medium range.
Means (method) of giving education (Language).
Something that serves as a unit of exchange or instrument of commercial transaction.
Such type of industries which are not of large size nor very small.
Fabrication of solid - state integrated circuits having more than about 12 gate - equivalent circuits.
Goods which are not produced in large quantity but on medium scale.
Loan which are generally issued for a period of five years or slightly more duration.
something situated in the middle
Inner or deep pert of an organ.
A name of part of brain.
A marrow
the central or inner portion of a structure or organ
the part of the brainstem that is continuous with the spinal cord below and the pons above
the soft, vascular tissue that fills the bone cavities
the fatty tissue that occupies the internal cavities of bones
bone marrow in which meshes contain the developmental stages of blood cells
pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling medulla
Relating to the medulla
the canal formed by the series of vertebral foramina together that encloses the spinal cord
a naturally occuring large opening or passage in the vertebra formed by its body and arch.
the central part of the renal cortical lobule containing ascending and descending limbs of collecting tubules
Plates of tissue pesent between the bark and the pith.
the long, cylindrical portion of the central nervous system present in the vertebral canal
the inner, reddish - brown portion of the adrenal gland that manufactures adrenaline and noradrenaline
covered or enclosed by myelin sheath
removal of medullar substance by surgical operation
inflammation of medulla
Where people have been invited to duscuss and decide something.
An event where people meet to transact some business.
A meeting of general members convened to transact some special business.
A formal / usual meeting of general members generally convened once a year.
Meeting held privately not in public.
A meeting of general members which transacts ordinary business as prescribed.
In decimal systems, the prefix mega means one million, but in binary systems, mega stands for 220, or 1, 048, 576.
A unit of information or computer storage equal to one million bits, or more precisely 1, 048, 576 (220) bits.
A measure of data transfer speed (a megabit is equal to one million bits).; 1 Mbps Mb / s = 1, 000, 000 bits per second (not 1, 048, 576).
A unit of computer memory or data storage capacity equal to one million bytes, or more precisely 1, 048, 576 (220) bytes.
A unit of data transfer rates; it refers to one million bytes.
having an abnormally large head and brain as compared to the rest of the body part
Abnormal condition in which head is large.
Abnormal huge dilation of the colon.
an abnormal wide enlargment of large intestine
One million cycles / periods per second. Commonly known as Megahertz.
One million cycles / periods per second. Commonly known as Megahertz.
One million cycles / periods per second. Used especially as a radio - frequency unit. Also known as Megacycle.
Issue which is for much larger amount than the usual.
earliest precurser of promegakaryocyte in the process of heomatopoiesis
a cell present in long bone marrow which produces platelets
an extreme unbearable pain
A large, abnormal germ cell
an abnormal large immature red blood cell found in pernicious anaemia or in deficiencies of certain vitamins
an anaemia characterized by the presence of large immature dysfunctional red blood cell in blood and bone marow
an inherited nonprogressive enlargement of cornea
A large nonnucleated red blood cell.
an extremely large nonnucleated red blood cell
an abnormal enlargement of stomach
an abnormal enlargement of liver
a pscychopathological condition in which an individual considers himself or herself possessed of extreme greatness, goodness, or power
a congenital enlargement of the ureter, commonly found in male
When two or more very big size companies or orgnisations join together to form one larger one.
A great urban complex consisting of several sub - urbs etc.
The situation where there are very few sellers of the product.
Projects which are of very large size involving heavy outlay and long execution period.
an extremely dilated rectum
having big orbital index with transversely narrow orbits
A structure which is responsible for megaspore production.
The larger of the two spores occuring in plants which produce female as well as male gametes.
The process of megaspore development and growth.
A leaf which shows the growth of megaspore producing structure.
a special sebaceous gland present at rim of the eyelid that secretes a sticky discharge useful for the lubrication of the adjacent parts
an inflammation of meibomian gland
A cell which undergoes through the process of meiosis.
A special process of cell division
Cell division where the daughter cell produced is composed of half of the parent DNA 's.
a pure form of honey mainly used in pharmacy
religious fair or festival
abnormally dark feces consisting of altered blood due to gastrointestinal hemorrhage
affected with or related to melanocholy
A condition marked by depression and painful process of thought.
a mental or emotional depression, characterized by low level of enthusiasm or eagerness for activity
of, pertaining to, or affected with melanism
a black or dark brown pigment present in hair, skin and eyes, secreted by melanocyte
Pigments which are responsible for giving colors to skin or feathers.
abnormally dark pigmentation of skin and other tissues caused by excessive deposition of melanin
A precursor germ cell of melanocyte.
an epidermal cell that produces melanin
abnormally dark skin caused by the deposition of excessive melanin
characterized by or related to melanoderma
a blakish to yellowish brown discoloration of tongue along with elongation of the papillae
malignant tumor arising from melanocytic system of skin and other organs
blackening of the nails due to melanin pigmentation
a malignant tumor of melanocyte
abnormally dark pigmentation of skin and other tissues caused by excessive deposition of melanin
the presence of melanin or other pigments in urine that give it dark colour
Passage of dark - colored, tarry stools.
a biological name of the neem tree
inflammation of the cheek
The appearance of any type of sugar in urine
the condition in which any sugar, e. g. glucose, fructose, sucrose, galactose, pentose, lactose, etc., is found in urine
the rounded protuberances on each side of the ankle
Organisms surviving on honey as food.
honey or sweet
Birds which survive by eating honey.
A name of a family which includes plant parasites.
A worm which are plant parasites and effect the roots.
Name of a worm family or group.
a tumor appeared over the cheek
the temperature at which a solid turns into a liquid
person belonging to a society / group or organisation.
a distinct part of human body, particulary a limb
One of the element of a set.
Any essential part.
A function that belongs to a specific class of a programming language, specially C + +.
A function that belongs to a specific class of a programming language, specially C + +.
Status of being a member.
A thin layer or fold of tissue.
Triangular loose part of tympanic membrane between the malleolar folds.
Interlacing fibres from the anterior costosternal ligaments covering the anterior surface of the sternum.
The thin partition between the external acoustic meatus and the middle ear.
A thin sheet or layer of pliable tissue
A thin pliable sheet of material.
A sheet like covering of the cell.
A dust, dirt and waterproof keyboard constructed of two thin plastic sheets (membranes) that contain flexible printed circuits made of electrically conductive ink.
A dust, dirt and waterproof keyboard constructed of two thin plastic sheets (membranes) that contain flexible printed circuits made of electrically conductive ink.
Having the appearance or structure of a membrane.
Relating to a membrane.
The fluid - filled membranous sacs of the inner ear that are related with the senses of hearing and balance.
An obsolete term for clitoris.
The male organ of copulation and of urinary excretion.
Refers to an idea, concept, phrase or other unit of information that spreads quickly from one person to another through the Internet.
A note made for someone 's use.
A notation posted to an account which indicates a credit has been received, but has not yet been posted to the account.
Details of credits received.
A written statement for submission.
A note or outline recording terms of business etc. for future use.
Such purchases for which regular invoice etc. is not prepared for the time being and which is subject to adjustment.
A charter of the company which defines the scope of the compnay 's activities and its relationship with the outside world.
Memorandum (note) that contains list of objection.
Memorandum (note) that contains of objections.
A note containing details of reconciliation done.
A written communication by the creditor of the company addressed to the Registrar of companies stating that a mortgage or charge has been satisfied.
A formal legal document recording the terms / conditions etc. of the settlement done.
A written agreement signed by concerned parties recording their common view or mutual agreement.
Something that serves as the memory of someone.
Those who remember someone.
A talk before audience in memory of someone.
the mental ability to store, retain and recall information
A unit of a computer that preserves data for retrieval; Capacity for storing information.
A special register containing the address of a word currently required.
A special register containing the address of a word currently required.
Reserving memory for specific purposes.
Reserving memory for specific purposes.
A logical unit of memory in a computer, the size of which is determined by the computer 's CPU.
A logical unit of memory in a computer, the size of which is determined by the computer 's CPU.
The register in a computer 's processor, or CPU, that stores the data being transferred to and from the immediate access store. Also known as memory data register.
The register in a computer 's processor, or CPU, that stores the data being transferred to and from the immediate access store. Also known as memory data register.
The computer bus which connects the main memory to the memory controller in computer systems. Also called the frontside bus, system bus, local bus, or host bus.
The computer bus which connects the main memory to the memory controller in computer systems. Also called the frontside bus, system bus, local bus, or host bus.
The amount of space available for storing data in memory, designated in bytes. Also known as capacity; storage capacity.
The amount of space available for storing data in memory, designated in bytes. Also known as capacity; storage capacity.
One bit of memory; A single storage element of a memory.
One bit of memory; A single storage element of a memory.
Any of several methods used to relocate information blocks in main memory in order to maximize the available free space in the memory.
Any of several methods used to relocate information blocks in main memory in order to maximize the available free space in the memory.
The time it takes to perform one memory cycle.
The time it takes to perform one memory cycle.
The register of a computer 's control unit that contains the data to be stored in the computer storage (e. g. RAM), or the data after a fetch from the computer storage. Also known as memory buffer register.
The register of a computer 's control unit that contains the data to be stored in the computer storage (e. g. RAM), or the data after a fetch from the computer storage. Also known as memory buffer register.
A display or printout of the contents of memory. Also known as storage dump; memory print.
A display or printout of the contents of memory. Also known as storage dump; memory print.
A signal used to enable operations on the memory.
A signal used to enable operations on the memory.
Built - in safety devices which prevent a program or a programmer from accessing certain memory areas reserved for the central processor. Also known as memory protect.
Built - in safety devices which prevent a program or a programmer from accessing certain memory areas reserved for the central processor. Also known as memory protect.
The ranking of computer memory devices from fastest to slowest speed.
The ranking of computer memory devices from fastest to slowest speed.
A variety of methods used to store data and programs in memory, keep track of them and reclaim the memory space when they are no longer needed. It also includes virtual memory, bank switching and memory protection techniques.
A variety of methods used to store data and programs in memory, keep track of them and reclaim the memory space when they are no longer needed. It also includes virtual memory, bank switching and memory protection techniques.
A hardware device which translates virtual addresses into physical addresses and is used to manage virtual memory. Sometimes called "paged memory management unit (PMMU)".
A computer hardware component responsible for handling accesses to memory requested by the central processing unit (CPU). Sometimes called "paged memory management unit (PMMU)".
Software that manages memory in a computer.
Software that manages memory in a computer.
The location of instructions and data in memory.
The location of instructions and data in memory.
A segment of virtual memory which has been assigned a direct byte - for - byte correlation with some portion of a file or file - like resource.
A segment of virtual memory which has been assigned a direct byte - for - byte correlation with some portion of a file or file - like resource.
A complementary method of performing input / output between the CPU and peripheral devices in a computer.
A complementary method of performing input / output between the CPU and peripheral devices in a computer.
The method by which a computer translates between its logical address space and its physical address space.
The method by which a computer translates between its logical address space and its physical address space.
In computing, this model describes how threads interact through memory, or more generally specify what assumptions the compiler is allowed to make when generating code for segmented memory or paged memory platforms.
In computing, this model describes how threads interact through memory, or more generally specify what assumptions the compiler is allowed to make when generating code for segmented memory or paged memory platforms.
In computing, this model describes how threads interact through memory, or more generally specify what assumptions the compiler is allowed to make when generating code for segmented memory or paged memory platforms.
In computing, this model describes how threads interact through memory, or more generally specify what assumptions the compiler is allowed to make when generating code for segmented memory or paged memory platforms.
A narrow printed circuit board that holds memory chips.
A narrow printed circuit board that holds memory chips.
In a context of computer virtual memory, it is a fixed - length block of main memory, that is contiguous in both physical memory addressing and virtual memory addressing. Also called "page" or "virtual page".
In a context of computer virtual memory, it is a fixed - length block of main memory, that is contiguous in both physical memory addressing and virtual memory addressing. Also called "page" or "virtual page".
A relative characteristic pertaining to differences in access time speeds in different parts of memory.
A relative characteristic pertaining to differences in access time speeds in different parts of memory.
A display or printout of the contents of memory. Also known as storage dump; memory dump.
A display or printout of the contents of memory. Also known as storage dump; memory dump.
A display or printout of the contents of memory. Also known as storage dump; memory print.
Built - in safety devices which prevent a program or a programmer from accessing certain memory areas reserved for the central processor. Also known as memory guard.
Built - in safety devices which prevent a program or a programmer from accessing certain memory areas reserved for the central processor. Also known as memory guard.
A way to control memory access rights on a computer, and is a part of most modern operating systems. Also known as storage protection.
A technique that prohibits one program from accidentally clobbering another active program. Also known as storage protection.
A type of instruction usually requiring two machine cycles, one to fetch the instruction, the other to fetch the data at an address (part of the instruction itself) and to execute the instruction.
A type of instruction usually requiring two machine cycles, one to fetch the instruction, the other to fetch the data at an address (part of the instruction itself) and to execute the instruction.
A register in the main internal memory of a digital computer storing one computer word. Also known as storage register.
A register in the main internal memory of a digital computer storing one computer word. Also known as storage register.
A program that once loaded into memory stays there and can be accessed or reactivated whenever necessary without having to load another copy from disk.
A program that once loaded into memory stays there and can be accessed or reactivated whenever necessary without having to load another copy from disk.
1. A unit for measuring computer memory. 2. Section of a computer where programmed information is stored.
1. A unit for measuring computer memory. 2. Section of a computer where programmed information is stored.
The first menstrual period usually occurring during puberty.
Relating to first menstrual cycle.
The inheritance law which was derived from the mandels law.
It states that during gamete formation hereditary factor is seperated in such a way that offsprong get theses factors equally from each parent.
Full of faults.
Defective or wrong.
Unskilled domestic working group.
The production of sweat instead of the normal menstrual flow.
A disorder of the inner ear that affects balance and hearing and includes odd sensation of movement
Of or affecting the meninges.
the membranes that envelop and protect the brain and spinal cord
the three protective membranous coverings of brain and spinal cord
The three membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord.
A tumour of the meninges, which are the protective membranes around the brain and spinal cord.
A condition in which the symptoms simulate a meningitis but in with no actual inflammation of these membranes is present.
Inflammation of the meninges of the brain and the spinal cord.
inflammation of the meninges
An inflammation of the meninges, the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord.
abnormal protrusion of the meninges through a defect in skull or vertebral column, generally present since birth
Protrusion of the membranes that cover the spine and part of the spinal cord through a bone defect in the vertebral column.
A condition which is characterized by inflammation of the brain and meninges.
inflammation of the brain along with its meninges
Pain in an ache localized in the stomach or abdominal region
inflammation of the spinal cord and its meninges
Inflammation of the spinal cord and its enveloping arachnoid and pia mater.
A membrane especially one of the three membranes enclosing the brain and spinal cord in vertebrates.
a crescent - shaped fibrocartilaginous structure present in some joints, especially the knee joint
Surgical removal of a meniscus or semilunar cartilage.
The state of time when a woman stops having menstrual periods which is not a disease or an illness.
permanent stoppage of menses in a woman
The time when a woman stops having menstrual periods.
First sign of the menses at puberty.
The most common type of abnormal uterine bleeding characterized by heavy and prolonged menstrual bleeding.
Pelvic pain occurring at the menstrual period.
Flow of blood from the uterus.
Stoppage of the menses.
monthly discharge of blood from the uterus of a nonpregnant female
flow of blood from the uterus of a nonpregnant woman that occurs every month
The hypothalamus in the brain like a rheostat, detects a lowered amount of estrogen and progesterone in the blood stream during a period.
Physiological changes that can occur in fertile females
monthly flow of blood from the female genital tract that occurs in a nonpregnant woman from puberty to menopause
flow of blood from uterus, occurring every month during a woman 's reproductive years
Intermittent cramp - like lower abdominal pains associated with menstruation.
Pain related with menstruation.
the monthly recurring changes that occur in the ovaries and lining of the uterus, in which the uterus prepares for pregnancy
A cycle of physiological changes that can occur in fertile females.
the discharge of blood from uterus that occurs every month in a nonpregnant woman
the flow of blood that occurs every month from the uterus of a nonpregnant woman
The act of flowing during menstruation.
Pains in the abdominal and pelvic areas that are experienced by a woman as a result of her menstrual period.
The period when the shedding of the uterine lining through the vagina.
monthly occurring flow of blood from the uterus in a nonpregnant woman that lasts for three to five days
the process of discharge of blood occurring every month from the genital tract in a nonpregnant woman
A solvent, especially one used in extracting compounds from plant and animal tissues and preparing drugs.
record of medically significant events or information related to menstruation in a woman
Art of measuring.
A pustular eruption upon the scalp, or the beared part of the face.
Relating to the mind.
Of or belong to mind.
A departure from normal mental function.
Competence of the mind.
The level of intellectual development as measured by an intelligence test.
below - average development of intellectual capacities
Lack of normal development of intellectual capacities.
Extent of capability of the mind.
A condition, usually present from birth, characterized by intellectual functioning that is below average.
any of various conditions characterized by abnormalities in cognition, emotions or behaviour
The front opening of the mandibular canal on the body of the mandible alongside.
A state of emotional and psychological well - being.
a hospital for care and treatment of the individuals with mental disorders
The science of maintaining mental health and preventing the development of psychosis, neurosis, or other mental disorders
A paired central muscle of the lower lip, situated at the tip of the chin.
a state characterized by below normal intellectual development
A condition includes below - average general intellectual function and a lack of the skills.
Ability of doing something well mentally.
mental stress or strain
A trusted advisor.
The front median plate of the labium in insects.
List of item to be served at meal.
List of options showing commands or facilities available.
An on - screen list of available functions, or operations, that can be performed currently.
A list of commands presented to an operator by a computer or communications system.
A row of menu titles typically located at the top of the application 's window on screen.
A permanently displayed menu spread horizontally across the top of the screen or window.
A permanently displayed menu spread horizontally across the top of the screen or window.
Using menus to command the computer.
Using menus to command the computer.
Using menus to command the computer.
A program that obtains input from a user by displaying the menu from which the user indicates his / her choice.
A program that obtains input from a user by displaying the menu from which the user indicates his / her choice.
A program that obtains input from a user by displaying the menu from which the user indicates his / her choice.
Resembling mephitis.
Poisonous or foul - smelling.
Pain or an irritating sensation felt over the anterior or anterolateral aspect of the thigh.
An agency which is engaged in commercial activities.
A person who perform or undertake commercial activity on behalf of another.
A business relating to commerce.
Method of accounting adopted in mercantile establishments.
Law relating to trade and commerce.
Commercial goods.
An account maintained for commercial goods.
The amount of money that has been advanced for purchase of commercial goods.
Commercial goods which are being exported.
Commodities bought and sold in home or foreign markets.
Specific mark which is visible from outside on the packets / cartons etc. which contain commercial goods for sale.
The act relating to marks on the outside of cases, packets, bales etc. containing goods particulary imported or exported.
The act of selling / purchasing of commercial goods.
A person engaged in whole sale or retail trading.
A bank which as an intermediary provides various financial services other than lending money.
That includes activities like managing public issues of other corporate, preparing prospectus, underwriting the issues other than direct financing like banks.
A ship that carries commercial goods.
A trader or person who is engaged in arranging shipping of goods.
Caused by the action of the element mercury.
Death of cells or tissues through injury or disease due to mercury.
Mercury poisoning which can cause vomiting, diarrhea and kidney damage in severe cases.
An acoustic delay line in which mercury is the medium for sound transmission. Also known as mercury memory; mercury storage.
A silver metallic element that exists as a liquid at room temperature.
An acoustic delay line in which mercury is the medium for sound transmission. Also known as mercury storage; mercury delay line.
An acoustic delay line in which mercury is the medium for sound transmission. Also known as mercury storage; mercury delay line.
An acoustic delay line in which mercury is the medium for sound transmission. Also known as mercury memory; mercury delay line.
An application filed for clemency / compassion.
Combine two or more sorted sequences of data into a single sorted sequence.
A digital circuit composed of bipolar transistors that is known for its very fast switching speeds. Also known as Integrated Injection Logic (I2L).
An amalgamation of two or more business entities.
A sorting technique that sequences data by continuously merging items in the list.
A sorting technique that sequences data by continuously merging items in the list.
Combining two separate sets of data into one set.
Pain in half haed.
Excessive sweat appears in certain areas.
A variety of sheep known for long fine wool.
The quality that deserves praise.
The bureaucracy that is praiseworthy.
Where both seniority and merit are considered.
A list prepared in order of decided merit (for appointment, promotion etc.).
Person who is having merit.
Praisworthy service.
Rank or grade assigned based on merit.
The qualities of deserving well.
Good and bad points of the character.
Good and bad points of the character.
Grant awarded to a student which is based on merit.
Protrusion of a loop of intestine into the femoral canal.
Any of various cells produced by multiple fission in the asexual stage of certain protozoans.
A broad terrace with an abrupt slope on one side.
Inflammation of the middle layer of the aorta.
Inflammation of the middle or muscular coat of the aorta.
of, about or relating to midbrain
Belong to the mesencephalon or midbrain.
The portion of the brainstem that connects the hindbrain and the forebrain.
Surgical sectioning of any structure in the mesencephalon.
The part of the mesoblast which gives rise to the connective tissues and blood.
Belong to mesenchyme.
a loose connective tissue in embryo derived from mesoderm, which develops into connective tissue, bone, cartilage, lymph, blood, etc.
the part of embryonic mesoderm that develops into bone, cartilage, blood, etc.
Belong to mesentery.
Nodes located in the mesentery.
Inflammation of the mesentery.
A fold of tissue which attaches organs to the body wall.
A network fabric.
Any of the open spaces in a net or network
A communications network in which each node has at least two links. If one of the links fails, the other is still available.
A communications network in which each node has at least two links. If one of the links fails, the other is still available.
Toward the middle.
The plane dividing the body into right and left symmetrical halves.
a system of therapy involving hypnotic induction held to involve animal magnetism
Hypnotic induction believed to involve animal magnetism.
The middle germinal layer of an early embryo.
Either of the two layers of the embryonic mesentery supporting the embryonic heart in the pericardial cavity.
A head of medium proportion with a cephalic index of 76. 0 to 80. 9.
medium - headed.
Relating to the mesocolon.
Mesentery that holds the lower colon to the dorsal abdominal wall.
The fold of peritoneum which retains the sigmoid colon in connection with the pelvic wall.
Having teeth of moderate size.
The part of the mesentery that connects the duodenum to the wall of the embryonic abdominal cavity.
The portion of the embryonic mesentery that is attached to the early stomach.
Inflammation of the muscular wall of the uterus.
The part of the broad ligament of the uterus that is below the mesosalpinx.
The convolution between the intercerebral and olfactory fissures.
A fold of tunica vaginalis testis in the fetus supporting the mesonephros and the developing testis.
The mesentery supporting the rectum.
A nose of moderate size.
The part of the broad ligament of the uterus enclosing a fallopian tube.
The mesentery of the sigmoid flexure.
Inflammation of the mesosigmoid.
The surgical fixation of the mesosigmoid.
The layer of flat cells of mesodermal origin that lines the embryonic body cavity.
A membrane that covers and protects most of the internal organs of the body.
The thin layer of mesodermal epithelial cells lining the pericardial.
The fold of peritoneum connecting the ovary with the wall of the abdominal cavity.
A communication that may be written or spoken.
Security measure designed to establish the authenticity of a message by means of an authenticator.
A protocol element that allows the receiver of a message to authenticate the origin and verify the integrity of the message.
On a computer screen, a small window that is used to emphasize the importance of some action or to request an answer to a question. Also called Dialog Box.
On a computer screen, a small window that is used to emphasize the importance of some action or to request an answer to a question. Also called Dialog Box.
One of a number of sections of computer memory, which contains a message that can be transmitted between tasks in the computer system to request service and receive replies from tasks, and which is stored in a system buffer area, outside the address spaces of tasks.
A cathode - ray tube on which is displayed information requested by the user.
A device which acts as a buffer between a communication line and a computer and carries out communication functions.
A predetermined or prescribed spatial or time - sequential arrangement of the parts of a message that is recorded in or on a data storage medium.
A predetermined or prescribed spatial or time - sequential arrangement of the parts of a message that is recorded in or on a data storage medium.
An earlier messaging system from Novell that supported multiple operating systems and other messaging protocols.
An earlier messaging system from Novell that supported multiple operating systems and other messaging protocols.
An electronic mail delivery system developed by Novell. It is made up of the Mail User Agent, Message Transfer Agent, Message Store, and The Internet 's SMTP functional components. Same as "messaging system".
An electronic mail delivery system developed by Novell. It is made up of the Mail User Agent, Message Transfer Agent, Message Store, and The Internet 's SMTP functional components. Same as "messaging system".
The identification lines at the beginning of an e - mail message, such as To:, From:, Subject: and Date:.
The identification lines at the beginning of an e - mail message, such as To:, From:, Subject: and Date:.
The identification lines at the beginning of an e - mail message, such as To:, From:, Subject: and Date:.
A transparent solution to provide fault tolerance for message passing applications.
Message mode is an alternative to mail mode for composing and sending messages.
Each message within a subject group is allocated a serial number, between 01 and 99. On reaching 99, numbering should recommence at 01 but avoid the use of message numbers still in force.
Transmitting a message from one computer to another or transferring a message within the computer from one application to another or from the operating system to an application.
A storage space in memory or on disk that holds incoming transmissions until the computer can process them.
An agent that receives a message.
An agent that receives a message.
Selection of the communication path over which a message is sent.
A device that switches complete messages within a data network. A message switch is a store - and - forward device that receives, stores, and forwards messages.
In communications, a system in which data transmitted between stations on different circuits within a network are routed through central points.
A center in which messages are routed according to information in them.
A network in which data is moved as complete messages of arbitrary length, rather than being subdivided into packets, which contain a variable amount of data but with a fixed upper limit on length, or as cells, which contain a fixed amount of data.
The store and forward capability in a messaging system.
The store and forward capability in a messaging system.
Part of the Signaling System 7 (SS7) used for communication in Public Switched Telephone Networks.
Electronic communication in which a message is sent directly to its destination without being stored en route.
An electronic mail delivery system developed by Novell. It is made up of the Mail User Agent, Message Transfer Agent, Message Store, and The Internet 's SMTP functional components. Same as "message handling system".
Person who carries the message.
A program that accepts the syntactic and semantic description of an assembly language, and generates an assembler for that language.
A program that accepts the syntactic and semantic description of an assembly language, and generates an assembler for that language.
A transition from one subject to another.
Relating to metabolism.
Acidemia due to metabolic error.
Any substance produced by metabolism or by a metabolic process.
sum of all biochemical reactions that occur in a living organism to maintain life
The processing of a specific substance within the living body.
A substance produced by metabolism.
Any of the bones of the metacarpus.
Related to a joint of a finger or wrist.
The part of the human hand that includes the five bones between the fingers and the wrist.
Relating to metachromasia.
A change of color, especially as a result of a change in temperature.
Running blood into the body.
The class of a class whose instances are themselves classes.
The class of a class whose instances are themselves classes.
The class of a class whose instances are themselves classes.
A computation which involves metasystem transitions (MST) from a computing machine M to a metamachine M 'which controls, analyzes and imitates the work of M.
A subset of a specialized class of compiler writing tools called compiler - compilers.
Pregnancy resulting from gestation elsewhere than in the uterus.
Data that describes other data.
Data that describes other data.
An alloy of two or more metallic elements.
A language used to describe another language.
A language used to describe another language.
a tubular device made up of a metal that allows passage of fluid into or from a body cavity
A road made of concrete or tar and is all weather moterable.
Having the characteristics of a metal..
Money which is in the form of metal coins.
Reserves which are kept by a country in the form of metal (gold).
An element having some of, but not all, the properties of metals, as arsenic or silicon.
The industry which is engaged in extracting metals from ores.
A Field Effect Transistor in which the conducting channel is insulated from the gate terminal by a layer of oxide.
A Field Effect Transistor in which the conducting channel is insulated from the gate terminal by a layer of oxide.
One of a series of homologous segments of the body of an animal.
Solid state changes in sedimentary or igneous rocks.
The process of changing form of commodities.
Any of the most immature granulocytes present in normal blood that are distinguished by typical cytoplasmic granulation in combination with a simple kidney - shaped nucleus.
The third and final excretory organ that develops in a vertebrate embryo.
A network of networks.
The kinetochores that are responsible for moving the chromosomes jump begin to orientate the chromosomes.
The zone of growth between the epiphysis and diaphysis during development of a bone.
Normal transformation of tissue from one type to another.
Being in transformation of cells from a normal to an abnormal state.
Refers to both a programming language and the interpreter of the MetaPost programming language.
The process by which cancer spreads from the place at which it first arose as a primary tumor to distant locations in the body.
Having to do with metastasis, which is the spread of cancer from the primary site.
Abscesses seeded down in tissues distant from a mother abscess.
pathologic deposition of calcium salts in a nonosseous viable tissue, such as in stomach, lung, etc.
The constitutional state due to congenital syphilis without local lesions.
A system which acts according to its own nature and for the purpose defined by that nature.
A system which acts according to its own nature and for the purpose defined by that nature.
One of the five cylindrical bones extending from the heel to the toes on each foot.
pain in the forefoot in the region of metatarsals
pain in your forefoot, in the area of your metatarsal bones the bones that connect to your toes
Excision of the metatarsus.
Referring to both the metatarsus and the phalanges of the toes.
the distal part of the foot between toes and tarsus
The middle part of the human foot that forms the instep and includes the five bones between the toes and the ankle.
The most caudal part of the thalamus, composed of the medial and lateral geniculate bodies.
A sound change that alters the order of phonemes in a word.
In phonology.
Part of the brain of an embryo from which the pons and cerebellum are derived.
A condition in which there is an excessive accumulation of gas in the intestinal tract.
A class of instruments which measure the liquid water content of the atmosphere.
A systematic way of doing things.
the way or manner in which something is done
An orderly procedure or process.
mode or manner of performing an act
In object - oriented programming, a procedure that is executed when an object receives a message. A method is same as a procedure, function, or routine in procedural programming languages. The only difference is that in object - oriented programming, a method is always associated with a class.
The system which is followed in an organisation for keeping account books.
The practice / system which is followed by an organisation for reckoning amount of profit.
The science of formulating method.
Relating to the forehead.
A persistent frontal suture.
The craniometric point midway between the frontal eminences of the skull.
Uterus which is a hollow muscular organ consisting of a body, fundus, isthmus and cervix located in the pelvic cavity of female mammals.
Pain in the uterus.
Inflammation of the uterus.
A response of body tissues to injury or irritation in uterus.
A cancer of the uterus.
Hernia of the uterus.
This is a collapse of the womb and the vagina so it protrudes outside the body.
Metrocyte is a mother cell.
The occurence of pain in the uterus.
A fibroma of the uterus.
A mania for writing verses.
Any disease of the uterus, especially of the myometrium.
Abnormal, excessive, often continuous uterine bleeding due to persistence and exaggeration of the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle.
Inflammation of the uterus and its peritoneal covering.
Inflammation of the uterine veins usually during childbirth.
Plastic surgery of the uterus.
The chief city and its area of a country.
A communications network that covers a geographic area such as a town, city or suburb.
A communications network that covers a geographic area such as a town, city or suburb.
A clearing house set up for a metropolitan area.
A main city of a country.
Prolapse of the uterus.
Uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods.
Discharge of mucus or pus from the uterus.
The process where the uterus get ruptured.
Inflammation of the uterus and uterine tubes.
The radiography of the uterus and oviducts following an injection of a radiopaque material.
An instrument for examining the cavity of the uterus.
The interpretation of facial wrinkles, especially those on the forehead, to determine the character of a person.
A slight but continuous uterine hemorrhage.
A narrowing of the uterine cavity.
The operation of cutting into the uterus.
A service circuit module developed as part of the companies digital telephony switching system which processes the incoming digital audio to detect the presence of various voice - band tone base signaling systems present during a call connection.
An earlier messaging system from Novell that supported multiple operating systems and other messaging protocols.
One million cycles / periods per second. Used especially as a radio - frequency unit. Also known as Megacycle.
A poisonous atmosphere formerly thought to rise from swamps and putrid matter and cause disease.
A noxious atmosphere or influence.
Term has to be addressed directly before cure can be achieved with the usual homeopathic remedy.
Any of a group of lustrous rock - forming minerals consisting of hydrous silicates of aluminium, potassium, etc.
Belog to mica.
The machine recognition of numeric data printed with magnetically charged ink.
1. A microcomputer. The term was popular in the early days of personal computers. 2. Millionth (10 to the - 6th power). 3. Microscopic or tiny.
1. A microcomputer. The term was popular in the early days of personal computers. 2. Millionth (10 to the - 6th power). 3. Microscopic or tiny.
Abnormally small in size.
The branch of biology concerned with the microscopic study of the structure of tissues
Tissue structure or organization.
Angiopathy involving the small blood vessels.
A computer program that helps prepare a microprogram to control the low level operation of a computer in much the same way an assembler helps prepare higher level code for a processor. Sometimes called a meta - assembler.
A computer program that helps prepare a microprogram to control the low level operation of a computer in much the same way an assembler helps prepare higher level code for a processor. Sometimes called a meta - assembler.
a very minute living organism which cannot be seen with naked eyes
A microscopic living organism, such as a bacterium, fungus, protozoan or virus.
A bacteria which is pathogenic in nature.
A minute life form.
Something related with bacteria which is pathogenic.
A process of using microbes and their byproducts to control the spread of insects and pests.
Microorganism and their byproducts which are used for keeping away insects.
Microorganism and their byproducts which are used for keeping away pests.
Destructive to microbes.
Compound which is used to destroy microbes as bacteria and viruses.
Things that deal with microbiology.
A scientist who works in the field of microbiology
a branch of biology that deals with study of microorganisms
a branch of biology concerned with study of microsopic organisms
The study of minute organisms or microbes such as the bacteria.
Branch of Science dealing with the structure, function etc of microorganisms.
A minute organisms belonging to a particular region or place.
Constituting a microbiota.
Organisms feeding on microbes as their food.
A small erythroblast destined to produce an atypically small red blood cell.
Abnormality in size of eyelids which are short.
Organelles composed of enzymes with a protactive boundary of membrane.
Having small head and a brain which is underdeveloped.
Small size of the head.
An abnormality wherein size of lips is small.
An abnormality wherein size of hands are short.
A small piece of semiconductor material carrying many integrated circuits. Also called "Chip", "Microcircuit", or "Integrated Circuit (IC)".
A small piece of semiconductor material carrying many integrated circuits. Also called "Chip", "Integrated Circuit (IC)" or "Microchip".
A bacteria which is found in water or soil and having spherical shape.
A computer program that consists only of basic elemental commands which directly control the operation of each functional element in a microprocessor.
A computer program that consists only of basic elemental commands which directly control the operation of each functional element in a microprocessor.
One of the most common modem protocols with compression. Also the name of a product.
Generally refers to a Windows PC or Mac, but it can refer to any kind of small or personal computer; A small digital computers whose CPU is contained on a single integrated semiconductor chip.
A complete microcomputer system that is used to test both the software and hardware of other microcomputer - based systems.
A complete microcomputer system that is used to test both the software and hardware of other microcomputer - based systems.
Generally refers to a Windows PC or Mac, but it can refer to any kind of small or personal computer; A small digital computers whose CPU is contained on a single integrated semiconductor chip.
A single chip that contains the processor (the CPU), non - volatile memory for the program (ROM or flash), volatile memory for input and output (RAM), a clock and an I / O control unit. Also called "computer on a chip" or "Microcontroller Unit".
A single chip that contains the processor (the CPU), non - volatile memory for the program (ROM or flash), volatile memory for input and output (RAM), a clock and an I / O control unit. Also called "computer on a chip" or "Microcontroller".
an abnormally small red blood cells present in some forms of anemia
An abnormality wherein red blood cells are small in size.
A presence of microcytes in blood.
Red blood cells which are small in size and can occur in some anemias.
Small shape of red blood cells in anemia
A process wherein size of red blood cells reduces.
Abnormality wherein size of fingers is small.
An abnormality of teeth being small.
Abnormality where tooth or teeth tend to be small in size.
That branch of economics which deals with productions of single units or individual commodities.
The miniaturization of electronic circuits.
The branch of electronics that deals with miniature components.
A small part of environment or confined to particular organisms.
The state of balance between opposite forces at the micro level.
Organisms which are very small to be seen by the naked eye.
A 4x6 sheet of film that holds several hundred miniaturized document pages.
A 4x6 sheet of film that holds several hundred miniaturized document pages.
A 4x6 sheet of film that holds several hundred miniaturized document pages.
a very small larval form of a filarial worm
Larvae of the filarial worm.
A film of photos in reduced size.
The system or arrangements made for providing financial assistance in small quantity.
A flexible plastic disk coated with magnetic material and covered by a protective jacket, used primarily by computers to store data magnetically; The formal name for the standard 3. 5 "floppy disk. Also called diskette.
A cell responsible for carrying out reproduction and smaller as compared to the other fused gamete..
An abnormality wherein size of jaw is small.
An optical device which comprises of lens which do magnification.
Micrograph can magnify the photo of an object more than ten diameters.
The technology of reproducing information on film in greatly reduced form, such as microfilm or microfiche, which requires enlargement to be readable; the production, handling and use of microfilm and microfiche.
The technology of reproducing information on film in greatly reduced form, such as microfilm or microfiche, which requires enlargement to be readable; the production, handling and use of microfilm and microfiche.
An abnormality wherein size of fold or ridges on brain is small.
A smaller space which is the environment for particular organisms.
A single image stored on a microform medium.
In micrographics, any photographic image of information that is too small to be read without magnification.
A small, specific instruction, used in series to make up a high - level machine instruction.
A single instruction in microcode.
1. The part of an operating system that is specialized for the hardware it is running in. 2. A small control program that is designed to perform a limited set of functions in one type of computer.
1. The part of an operating system that is specialized for the hardware it is running in. 2. A small control program that is designed to perform a limited set of functions in one type of computer.
Presence of minute stones resembling sand.
A process of microlith formation.
A branch of science daling into study of microscopic objects.
An earlier term for a desktop computer with near mainframe speed.
An earlier term for a desktop computer with near mainframe speed.
In telecommunication, a physical or logical connection established between a remote microprocessor and mainframe host computer for the express purpose of uploading, downloading, or viewing interactive data and databases on - line in real time.
An abnormality wherein size of breasts is small.
The smaller sized cells which are produced during division.
An instrument used to view minute particles or specimens.
A measuring device used to measure very small distances.
a technique or procedure that deals with exceedingly small quantities of a material
A process wherein something is measured using micrometer.
In electronics, the production and application of very small semiconductor components and the circuits and equipment in which they are used.
An abnormality wherein size of spinal cord is small.
measurement which is equal to 10 ^ 6 meters.
An abnormality wherein size of finger or toenails is small.
Organism which are very small to be seen by a naked eye.
an organism of microscopic size that cannot be seen with naked eyes
An organism whichis very small and needs optical device to view them.
An abnormality wherein size of penis is small.
Organisms feeding on small particles.
A electronic device used to detect sound and amplify it.
A device that converts sound waves into analogous electrical waves. Usually called a "mike".
An image which is very small and has to be magnified for proper viewing.
1. A photograph requiring magnification for viewing. 2. A photograph on microfilm.
1. A photograph requiring magnification for viewing. 2. A photograph on microfilm.
An abnormality wherein size of feet is small.
In electronics, a microprocessor with its external memory, input / output interface devices, and buffer, clock, and driver circuits.
In electronics, a microprocessor with its external memory, input / output interface devices, and buffer, clock, and driver circuits.
A computer processor on a microchip.
An integrated circuit that contains the entire central processing unit of a computer on a single chip.
The electronic circuits of the CPU etched onto a silicon chip.
The electronic circuits of the CPU etched onto a silicon chip.
A sequence of microinstructions that are in special storage where they can be dynamically accessed to perform various functions.
A small program that is usually put onto a computer chip.
The part of a microprogrammed control unit that provides the equivalent of a program counter at the microprogram level.
The part of a microprogrammed control unit that provides the equivalent of a program counter at the microprogram level.
The part of a microprogrammed control unit that provides the equivalent of a program counter at the microprogram level.
The memory that contains a microprogram. It may be fixed (ROM) or alterable (writeable control store).
The memory that contains a microprogram. It may be fixed (ROM) or alterable (writeable control store).
A visual effect which makes object look small.
A group of plants which bear flowers.
A place where male sperm enters the egg.
A small hole on the ovum which allows the entry of pollen tube through it.
an instrument with lenses used to obtain magnified images of very small objects
a device used to see very minute structures that cannot be seen with naked eye
An optical device used to view very small objects.
A instrument used to observe minute particles or organisms.
Small objects which are not visible using naked eye.
Something which is very small in size.
Something very small which needs a microscope to view it.
Study something using a microscope.
One millionth (10 - 6) of a second.
In networking, the ability to manage a smaller number of nodes as a single segment or domain.
A sequence of microinstructions.
A sequence of microinstructions.
The largest and most influential companies in the personal computer industry, founded in 1975 by Paul Allen and Bill Gates.
A single user operating system for PCs from Microsoft.
An installer system written by Microsoft for Windows platforms. Abbreviated as "MSI" and called Windows Installer also.
A family of Internet - based services from Microsoft, which includes a search engine, e - mail (Hotmail), instant messaging (Windows Live Messaging) and a general - purpose portal with news, information and shopping (MSN Directory).
A family of Internet - based services from Microsoft, which includes a search engine, e - mail (Hotmail), instant messaging (Windows Live Messaging) and a general - purpose portal with news, information and shopping (MSN Directory).
The most widely used operating system for desktop and laptop computers developed by Microsoft. Popularly known as "Windows" only.
A part of cells which is very small to be seen.
An abnormality wherein size of body is small.
A pouch like part in plants producing spores in plants.
Smaller pore produced by plants such as pollen grain.
The process by which 4 micropores are produced during meiosis.
A structure resembling leaf and supports the spore producing pouch.
A group of fungi which is in the shape of a cup.
A surgery which is undertaken on small cells or tissues using microscopic devices.
A abnormality in new borns which shows the absence or small size of the ear.
An instrument used to cut specimens for examination.
Minute hairy structure on the wings of certain insects.
A small tube resembling structure of protein whcih gives support cell etc.
Small finger resembling structures on the cell membrane.
The high - frequency radio waves, commonly used for wireless telephone transmission.
The high - frequency radio waves, commonly used for wireless telephone transmission.
A dish - like antenna manufactured in many sizes and shapes used to link communication sites together by wireless transmission of voice or data.
A communications system that uses a beam of radio waves in the microwave frequency range to transmit video, audio, or data between two locations.
A communications system that uses a beam of radio waves in the microwave frequency range to transmit video, audio, or data between two locations.
Radio communications using frequencies between approximately 1 GHz and 1000 GHz.
Complete equipment that is needed to convert modulated microwaves into useful information.
A high - vacuum tube designed for operation in the frequency region from approximately 3000 to 300, 000 megahertz.
An egg comprising of a single set of chromosomes having a thin shield.
the act or process of voiding urine
An act by which urine is passed out.
A name of a particular genus.
A centermost part of the brain in humans formed from tissues.
Companies which belong to middle sized companies category.
Food taken at the middle of the day.
A measurement of change in prices for commodities largely used by middle class.
The mid portion of the ear between the innear ear and the drum.
Group of people whose income is above average income of lower than upper income group.
the smallest lobe of right lung placed between upper and lower lobes
Person who handles a commodity between its producer (owner) and its consumer on intermediary.
School that provides education upto middle class (8th standard).
Software that serves as an intermediary between systems software and an application.
A human body having proper proportion but is small in stature.
the middle portion of the alimentary canal
The mid section of the digestive system in humans.
A computer having greater performance and capacity than a minicomputer and less than that of a mainframe.
A computer having greater performance and capacity than a minicomputer and less than that of a mainframe.
A computer having greater performance and capacity than a minicomputer and less than that of a mainframe.
The middle point of a line segment.
The price which is of middle level.
The central supporting rib in the leaf.
The portion between the waist and breast.
a vertical line running through the middle of the sternum
Review of performance during currency of the work.
To remove the mistakes while work is going on.
a person, usually a woman, who is trained to assist a woman in childbirth and to provide postpartum care to mother and her infant
a person who assists a woman in childbirth and provides prenatal and postnatal care to her along with her infant
a person who is trained in obestetrics and child care.
A woman who is trained to help a women while delivering baby.
The work of a midwife.
a healthcare profession related with providing assistance to woman in childbirth and care of mother and infant
A practice carried out by the midwife.
a branch of medicine that is concerned with childbirth and care of the mother
Review / re - examination which is undertaken at a half way point of the year.
a severe recurring headache, usually unilateral, often associated with nausea, vomiting and visual disturbances
A headache occuring on one of the side regularly.
One who migrates.
Species which move from one place to another for survival.
The act of transferring the migrants from one place to another.
Workers who have migrated to another country.
To move from one country to settle in another country.
The movement from one place or site to another.
A certificate issued in connection with migration.
When capital is moved from one country to another country.
When labour starts moving from one place to another.
A series of conversion steps that allow an organization to evolve smoothly to newer hardware and software in order to keep pace with changing technology.
A moving worm which feeds on the plant root.
A internally motile plant parasitic worm.
An infection of lungs which occurs at regular succession.
A labouer who keeps on moving frequently.
A large four footed animal which gives milk.
Number of miles travelled.
Allowance admissible on the basis of miles travelled (per mile).
The payment that is required to be made in stages.
A skin infection wherein a rash is formed which gives a itching effect.
A contagiou disease which effects the brain and similar
a skin condition marked by small itchy rashes caused by obstruction of the sweat ducts
characterized by small lesions similar to millet seeds
A wound which resemble the millet seeds.
Fever with excessive sweating.
A fever accompanied with miliary and excess sweating.
Glands which resemble the millet seeds.
A tuberculosis whixh is spread across the body by blood.
The environment set in which a mental patient lives.
The act of being active aggressively.
Person or organisation using strong or violent action.
Provident fund relating to Military Engineering Services.
1. A network that was originally part of ARPANET. It is now used by those organisations which require secure network services. It is often abbreviated to MILNET. Also known as Defense Data Network (DDN). 2. A network used for unclassified military production applications. It is part of the DDN and the Internet.
Amount of pay and allowance paid in military establishments.
Service in armed forces.
Funds which are sent to military.
Ordinary citizens trained as soldiers who are not regular armymen.
opaque white liquid secreted by mammary glands of females which is useful for nourishment of their young
A fluid which comes out of the mammary glands in females.
A inflamation which is composed of milky pus.
A boil like formation on skin near the wound comprising of pus.
Described as a political market power.
A disorder in babys skin which leads to a rough and itchy skin.
A disease which is caused in infants due to consumption of contaminated milk.
A swelling that can be seen in the legs of new born infants.
a sugar present in milk that consists of glucose and galactose
a disaccharide present in milk, that is composed of glucose and galactose
A milk component which is used to manufacture food for babys.
first temporary teeth of a young child that fall off later during development
The small sized teeth or baby teeth.
A form of asthma which is seen in children.
A period of one thousand years.
A cylindrical arthropods which have segmented body whith numerous legs and having a part which secretes non toxic fluids.
Related to thousand.
A grass cultivated for its grains.
A quantity of mass measurement.
A quantity of liquid measurement.
A wuantity of length measurement.
The execution speed of a computer.
A cydrical arthropod having 20 to 100 segments and bearing legs.
One thousandth of a second. Usually abbreviated as "ms".
1. A network that was originally part of ARPANET. It is now used by those organisations which require secure network services. Also known as Defense Data Network (DDN). 2. A network used for unclassified military production applications. It is part of the DDN and the Internet.
A secretion which is composed of sperm and a fluid.
1. A communications protocol that allows for the transmission of data in many forms, such as audio, binary, or video. 2. The most common method for transmitting non - text files via Internet e - mail, which was originally designed for only ASCII text.
The process of depicting behaviour of human and nature in art.
Contraction of facial muscles.
A file identification based on the MIME encoding system.
Act of appearing same.
Something resembling something.
Shrub having thorns and greyish green leaflets which shed at night.
the aspect of intellect and consciousness in a person
A part of individual which helps in thinking, feeling, reasoning etc.
Deposit of minerals or ore.
A quarry i. e. a deep hole in the ground to find coal - metal contents etc.
A larvae of insect which causes passage through the leaf.
a naturally occuring inorganic substance essential for health
A process which forms chemical compoound from natural inorganic processes.
The fuel excavated from the earth.
Oil extracted from the earth.
Resources relating to mineral wealth of various types.
A water which is added with minerals and is healthy to consume.
Was discovered on people working in mines and were infected by a hook worm causing anaemia.
Anaemia which was found in people working in mines and is caused by the hook worm.
A chronic infection found in miners which causes loss of appetite, muscles etc.
Account relating to mines.
Medium - capacity computer that is larger than a microcomputer but smaller than most mainframes. Colloquially called "mini" also.
Medium - capacity computer that is larger than a microcomputer but smaller than most mainframes. Colloquially called "mini" also.
The tower equipped with flashing lights named minicoy.
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "mini - diskette".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "mini - diskette".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "mini - diskette".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "minidisk".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "minidisk".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "minifloppy disk" or "minidisk".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "mini - diskette" or "minidisk".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "mini - diskette" or "minidisk".
A 5. 25 - inch floppy diskette. Also known as "mini - diskette" or "minidisk".
A minimun quantity of liquid measurement.
A quantity equal to 1 / 60th dram.
Something which is least in quantity.
Coding in such a way that a minimum time is required to transfer words to and from storage, for a computer in which this time depends on the location in storage. Also known as minimum - access coding; minimum - delay coding; minimum - latency coding.
An abstract machine possessing no redundant states.
An abstract machine possessing no redundant states.
Minimax algorithm (sometimes minmax) is a decision rule used in decision theory, game theory, statistics and philosophy for minimizing the maximum possible loss.
A procedure usually used in approximation theory in order to find an approximating function, often a polynomial, that has the smallest maximum error on a given interval.
The least possible amount.
the least quantity or degree
Something very less.
the smallest amount
Coding in such a way that a minimum time is required to transfer words to and from storage, for a computer in which this time depends on the location in storage. Also known as minimal - latency coding; minimum - delay coding; minimum - latency coding.
Coding in such a way that a minimum time is required to transfer words to and from storage, for a computer in which this time depends on the location in storage. Also known as minimal - latency coding; minimum - delay coding; minimum - latency coding.
Pay which is based on minimum attendance.
Which is the least possible amount of capital to meet the requirement.
It is the minimum percentage of a bank 's capital to the risk weighted assets.
A weighted spanning tree, formed from a weighted graph, such that the real numbers assigned to each edge, when summed, total not greater than the corresponding sum for any other weighted spanning tree.
Coding in such a way that a minimum time is required to transfer words to and from storage, for a computer in which this time depends on the location in storage. Also known as minimal - latency coding; minimum - access coding; minimum - latency coding.
Least quantity of medicine.
The size of land holding which is minimum.
A standard of quality relating to investments which is assigned as the lowest.
Coding in such a way that a minimum time is required to transfer words to and from storage, for a computer in which this time depends on the location in storage. Also known as minimal - latency coding; minimum - delay coding; minimum - access coding.
The rate of interest for lending which is lowest.
The amount of wages which has been considered as the least amount to meet essential needs.
The amount of profit on a transaction which is at lowest level.
The price which is lowest.
The least qualification that is allowed.
When someone has been asked to recover at least the minimum amount of recovery as assigned.
A minimum amount of fund required to be set aside for specific purpose.
The least amount of subscription.
The price at which government will buy the product / produce.
The income upto which no tax is levied.
A thermometer used to measure the lowest possible temperature.
An enactment passed by the legislation to enforce payment of minimum wages.
The lowest wages required to be paid as per law.
The act of getting minerals from the earth.
The act of getting minerals from the earth.
Agreement relating to mining.
The act of excavation from the mine or taking stones etc. from the bed of the hill / mine.
A scheme relating to mining.
Relating to a minister or ministry.
Staff looking after matters relating to workers concerning ministry.
Government employees attached to ministry (clerical cadre).
Staff which is in lower cadre (clerical).
A department of the government headed by a minister.
A department of government under a minister looking after matters relating to railway.
Who cannot enter into an agreement being not attained legal age.
Who has not attained the age of eighteen years.
Something which has minimum risk on life.
lesser or smaller in size, amount or importance
Which is lesser in amount or size.
Which is not the major but subsidiary.
An account opened in the name of a minor.
Coins which are of small value.
Estimate which is small and not very important.
Head which is of subsidiary nature to the main head.
Industries which have been defined as minor as per government policy according to their size / investment or operations etc.
Minor type of lapses which are contrary to rules.
A scheme for irrigation which is small in size.
The state of being minor.
A smaller number within a structure.
Relatively small group of people * * * * * * from others in the society based on race, religion, language etc.
Those who are comparatively less in number in social structure.
Who are supported by less than half of the body of opinion at a given time.
The state of being minor or not being of legal age.
Smaller share of capital as compared to others.
Representation of the smaller of two or more factions.
Representation of the smaller of two or more factions.
To move between one point to another in a small degree.
A surgery which has the least risk on human survival.
Place where money is coined.
The cost of minting currency.
A product (AND) of n Boolean variables, uncomplemented or complemented but not repeated, in a Boolean function of n variables.
A product (AND) of n Boolean variables, uncomplemented or complemented but not repeated, in a Boolean function of n variables.
An enclosed chamber producing heat for melting metal installed in the mint.
The exchange rate at mint which is equal to the nominal / face value.
The value of quantity of gold coins into which a bar of gold can be made.
The balance that has to be reduced by.
The debit which is negative.
An entry which is reduced by.
Proceedings of a meeting which is recorded.
A book in which proceedings of a meeting are recorded.
Note recorded when someone disagree with the decisions taken in the meeting.
The common views or mutual agreement recorded for reference.
Period 25million years ago.
A medicine which causes pupil contraction.
The execution speed of a computer.
a polished surface that forms images of objects by reflecting rays of light coming from objects
1. A mirror is an FTP server that provides copies of the same files as another server. 2. An exact copy of a data set.
An extract of an account held in the books of some other bank.
A type of fund that provides insurance cover with investment opportunities.
A Web site that is a replica of an already existing site, used to reduce network traffic (hits on a server) or improve the availability of the original site.
A Web site that is a replica of an already existing site, used to reduce network traffic (hits on a server) or improve the availability of the original site.
A computer system, usually based on a mainframe or minicomputer, designed to help managers plan and direct business and organizational operations.
Resources which have been distributed wrongly.
Cuving of the cornea due to which there is a problem in focusing onto a particular object.
A condition of somebody disliking unknown people.
The money which belongs to another used for own purpose in a fraudulent manner.
Wrong use of another 's money for own purpose.
Dishonestly using (cash) to which one is not entitle to.
The use of funds by other person for improper purpose through dishonest means.
Using other 's money dishonestly for one' s own benefit.
The act of behaving badly.
spontaneous expulsion of nonviable embryo or fetus from uterus, especially before twenty weeks of pregnancy
An act by which preganacy is terminated by accident.
Failure of judicial system to attain the ends of justice.
A mixture of something.
Which is of various kinds (mixed character).
Account that contains various types of entries.
Various kinds of amount that can be levied for providing some services etc.
Documents of mixed composition.
Expenditure which is of mixed composition.
Expenditure which is of mixed composition.
Receipts which are miscellaneous (varied) nature.
Conduct which may be troublesome.
Which has not been classified properly.
Improper behaviour.
Counting or totaling which is not correct.
An offence which is less heinous.
The demand which has been wrongly made.
The demand which has been wrongly made.
A severe or uncomfortable condition.
Something which is not in poper shape and size for its application.
The meaning of which has been explained wrongly.
To cinvey something in a wrong way.
To take to wrong direction.
Statement that creates confusion or leads to wrong direction.
An act of managing things poorly.
A situation when a pair of things do not match properly. In banking a situation when short term deposits are lent for long term loans.
A part of the note which does not tally / match with its other part.
Combination of things or people which do not work well together.
A name given to something which is wrong.
A person who hates the concept of marriage.
A persons hatered towards women population.
A act by which humans hate children.
Misplaced Gout occurs when there are high levels of uric acid circulating in the blood
Entry which has been taken to wrong account.
A false or misleading idea of something.
An abortion in which the fetus dies but is retained within the uterus for two months or longer
A process of keeping the fetus in the uterus even after the term of pregnancy.
Information that is required to make something complete.
The purpose which has to be achieved.
Enthusiasm for achieving some objective.
Facts which have not been reported in true manner.
A medical service offered by some medical organisation via phone.
Thing which has not been done correctly - an error.
Mistake which can be clearly seen from the things placed on record.
A plant bearing white berry and laethery leaves which are evergreen.
A person skilly in some profession like mechanic.
A mixture of drug comprising of insoluble content.
Things which are not understood correctly in the proper context.
To use wrongly.
To apply to the wrong purpose.
A nerve disorder where veins in the hands tend to get blocked and and later causes swelling.
any of very small arachnids that often live as parasites
any of small arachnids that are parasitic on animals or plants
A tick like parasite which is semi transparent and effects the human skin causing irritation.
A insect which is parasitic in nature.
Pesticides which are used to control the growth of mites.
Pesticides specifically to kill mites.
To reduce the effect of.
Disease cause by Hirschmanniella miticausa nematode in corms.
A membrane enclosed organelle in most eukaryotic cells which generates ATP.
A membrane enclosed organelle in most eukaryotic cells which generates ATP.
A process of cell division.
Cell division in which replicated chromosomes divided into two identical nuclei followed by cytokinesis.
A cell undergoing diivision.
Undergoing mitosis.
A type of reproduction in which replicated chromosomes divided into two daughter nuclei, each with a full complement of daughter chromosomes.
of, about or relating to mitral valve in heart
Something related to the head cap worn by the bishop.
Absence of the valve opening of mitral since birth.
A sound which is produced at the mitral valve.
The opening on the left ventricle.
Flow of blood in the opposite direction into the atrium.
The narrowing of the mitral valve due to some disease.
A valve which is located between left ventricle and atrium.
Valves which are present in the left ventricle and atrium.
Which is combination of more than one.
Presence of albumin in urine which is more than normal.
Cuving of the cornea due to which there is a problem in focusing onto a particular object.
The pattern of banking where banks under private sector and state owned banks co - exists and operate.
When more than one crop is grown together at a time.
a diet consisting of food substances from plant and animal origin
An economic system where state and private enterprise are co - partners.
Such business organisation which have state as also private partnership.
A farming that covers both crops and live stock.
A radix notation in which the digit places do not all necessarily have the same radix.
A radix notation in which the digit places do not all necessarily have the same radix.
A ship loaded with variety of articles.
1. A device in which two or more input signals are combined to give a single output signal. 2. One who mixes the audio components of a recording.
A recording that is produced by combining and adjusting two or more audio tracks or channels.
a medication in which an insoluble compound is suspended throughout a liquid
a substance composed of different ingredients which are not combined chemically
A combination of different ingredients in a particular drug.
A language used to describe another language.
A type of pseudorandom binary sequence. Also sometimes called a n - sequence or a m - sequence.
Refers to processing data with different security clearances in the same system or network.
A complementary method of performing input / output between the CPU and peripheral devices in a computer.
A hardware device which translates virtual addresses into physical addresses and is used to manage virtual memory. Sometimes called "paged memory management unit (PMMU)".
In Electronics, a multivibrator with one stable state and one unstable state. Also known as one - shot multivibrator; single - shot multivibrator; start - stop multivibrator; univibrator; monostable trigger circuit.
A pattern that can be used as an aid for memorizing information.
Improving the human memory using different methods and techniques.
One of the most common modem protocols with compression. Also the name of a product.
A sound uttered by a person who is suffering or hurt.
Utter sounds loudly in pain.
A disorderly crowd.
Which can be driven from one place to another.
Which is not fixed in one position.
Something that can move or be moved.
capable to move or of being moved
When banking operations are conducted through mobile phone.
When a motorised or otherwise small bank move from place to place on fixed time / days providing limited banking facilities.
a clinic that can be moved from one place to another
A generic term describing one 's ability to use technology while moving.
A generic term describing one 's ability to use technology while moving.
Labour which changes job quickly.
Library which moves from one place to another.
An office which moves from one place to another.
Group of people who walk around and guard and keep on moving from place to place.
A telephone that one can carry to any place and use.
An electronic telecommunications device, often referred to as a cellular phone or cellphone.
An electronic telecommunications device, often referred to as a cellular phone or cellphone.
A small group of persons organised for specific purpose and which keeps on moving.
A smart phone user.
A smart phone user.
A labouer who changes work from one to another frequently.
To gather resources which are required additionally for some purposes.
The process of arranging capital.
The act or process of collecting deposits.
The act of arranging work force.
The act of persuading people to save and collect the saved amount.
The state of being mobile.
Something which shows the ability of movement.
The state of being mobile of labour.
The act of mobilizing.
The test running of some work before it is actually taken up for implementation.
A prescribed method of procedure for doing something.
An application of a physical curing agent.
Manner in which something is done.
A situation or state of emotion.
Which sets an example.
1. A particular unit of hardware, known by its style or type. 2. A graphical representation of an object. 3. A mathematical representation of a device or process used for analysis and planning.
An editor without states (such as text versus command mode) in the user interface.
A description of observed or predicted behaviour of some system, simplified by ignoring certain details.
A device or program that enables a computer to transmit data over telephone or cable lines. Short for MOdulator - DEModulator.
the way or manner in which a substance or organism acts
The manner in which adjustments are done.
The system according to which mail is dispatched.
The manner in which crops are raised.
The way of conducting something.
Manner in which payments are made.
Who is * * * * * sensible limits.
Which is temperate in conduct.
The average quantity of something in excess of what is required.
Something which is being received in average or limited quantity.
The resources which are not in plenty but average.
The price which is within reasonable limits.
One who is moderates (examiner).
One who presides over.
a substance used in nuclear reactors to slow down neutrons
1. A person, or small group of people, who manages a moderated mailing list or Usenet newsgroup. 2. In online forums and other online discussion spaces the moderator has the authority to block messages deemed inappropriate or break the rules of that discussion space.
1. A person, or small group of people, who manages a moderated mailing list or Usenet newsgroup. 2. In online forums and other online discussion spaces the moderator has the authority to block messages deemed inappropriate or break the rules of that discussion space.
To make small changes.
A process of changing something.
An act of passing from one phase to another.
Such stipulations which are in the modified form.
A standard form in respect of tax imposed on purchase / sale by a business entity which has been modified.
1. A quantity used to alter the address of an operand in a computer, such as the cycle index. Also known as index word. 2. An operation that alters the state of an object.
1. A quantity used to alter the address of an operand in a computer, such as the cycle index. Also known as index word. 2. An operation that alters the state of an object.
A hardware element which holds a number that can be added to (or, in some cases, subtracted from) the address portion of a computer instruction to form an effective address. Also known as base register; B box; B line; B register; B store; index register.
A hardware element which holds a number that can be added to (or, in some cases, subtracted from) the address portion of a computer instruction to form an effective address. Also known as base register; B box; B line; B register; B store; index register.
A column comprising of bone in the era cochlea
A plastic or glass disk coated with a compound (often TbFeCo) with special properties which make it rewritable.
As prescribed by the doctor.
An individual counter element, usually containing a number of flip - flops in a chain of such elements. Also called cascadable counter.
An individual counter element, usually containing a number of flip - flops in a chain of such elements. Also called cascadable counter.
An individual counter element, usually containing a number of flip - flops in a chain of such elements. Also called cascadable counter.
The characteristic of a system that has been divided into smaller subsystems which interact with each other.
Breaking down the design of a program into individual components (modules) that can be programmed and tested independently.
Breaking down the design of a program into individual components (modules) that can be programmed and tested independently.
The altering of a carrier wave in order to transmit a data signal (text, audio, video, etc.) from one location to another via a discrete channel.
1. The rate at which a carrier is varied to represent the information in a digital signal. 2. For modulated digital signals, the reciprocal of the unit interval of the modulated signal, measured in seconds.
A device or program that enables a computer to transmit data over telephone or cable lines. Popularly known as Modem.
A standard of measurement, or a unit that can be studied separately / independently.
1. In software, a module is a part of a program. 2. In hardware, a module is a self - contained component.
A precise statement of the effects that a software module is required to achieve.
A particular way of functioning.
The particular way in which a task is performed.
A procedure by which it operates.
A problem in talking properly.
A part or portion of a molecule or chemical substance having some function.
Something which is wet or having liquid content.
moderately wet or damp
A gangerene formed due to bustruction of arteria and venous.
Distruction of cells on account of disease.
Something composed of small amounts of liquid.
death and decay of body tissue that occurs due to blockage of venous drainage along with infection by microorganisms
Part of teeth which are broad and function is to grind food.
any of the posterior teeth used for grinding, located behind the premolars
Teeth having broad base and usefull for grinding.
Syrup prepared from raw sugar and brownish in color.
A external frame used to make a cast.
slightly raised overgrowth of human skin, sometimes hairy
a hyperpigmented dark spot on the skin, usually present since birth
A natural mark which is permanent on the body surface.
Insects of family Gryllotalpidae having large front legs highly developed for burrowing and swimming.
Something composed of molecules.
Branch of biology that deals with the study of biology at a molecular level.
The total of all individual atomic weights of the molecular atoms.
the smallest particle of an object that retains all the properties of that object and is made up of two or more atoms
Least component of a substance and made up of no. of atoms.
Groups of burrowing rodents that resemble a mole.
Stretching muscles during the process of mensuration.
The process where tissues tends to get softer.
A condition where the bones get soft.
Pesticides specifically to kill molluscs.
Skin surface showing tumors which are soft and oval.
A viral disease causing nodes on the skin with milky contents.
Continous chain of soft tumours beneath the skin.
Exhibiting characteristics of mollusca.
Gaining stimulus by encouragement.
A characteristic of body which is moving and is the product of mass and velocity.
A protozoa have flagella.
Having one stamen in a flower.
The condition of having one stamen in a flower.
Arthritis occuring on a partiular joint.
Having one cotyledon in the seed as in most flowering plant.
One who advocates the practice of controlling money supply as a main method for stability of economy.
Monetary accommodation refers to funding temporarily the shortage in fiscal revenue.
It is a process used to describe the policy changes implemented by the IMF.
Adjustments pertaining to currency (money).
The total amount of money or money stock available in an economy at a particular point of time.
The way monetary policy is conducted or implemented.
One who has been made responsible for the regulation of the monetary policies in the country.
This refers to the position of the bank with reference to its reserved assets, cash held and balances held at the central bank of the country.
When availability of money is shrinking.
A time of acute difficulty in monetary matters or shortage of money.
An economic system in which exchange is effected by means of money.
When supply of money increases and it is easily available.
The quality of money in the system that influences industrial production, employment and prices.
The money which is borrowed or provided for running a business.
An international financial organisation set up in 1945 to promote international trade and monetary co - operation.
A sum of money set aside for some specific purpose.
Gold owned by the monetary authorisaties as a reserve asset.
The grant which consists of money.
The grant which consists of money.
The force with which monetary situation is effecting other factors.
The influence of monetary situation.
Some assistance which is granted in monetary terms to give encouragement for action.
A situation when quantity of money increases more rapidly than the output.
Institutions which are engaged in monetary activities.
The ways which are employed by the monetary authority to control the money supply.
Any document which has been drawn in written form in a formal manner covering monetary matters.
A point beyond which money matters cannot be permitted.
The point beyond which something cannot proceed in monetary terms.
The quality or skill of handling monetary matters.
The rules / regulations adopted by monetary authority in furtherance of the economic policy.
Reactions generated from the monetary policy influence.
Constraints pertaining to money in the economy (heavy demand for money).
Constraining influence to meet the increasing demand for money.
The government 's stockpiling of foreign currencies and precious metal.
The stock of money in circulation in an economy that comprises currency in circulation plus deposits in savings and current accounts.
The supreme power that a legal authority and government officials enjoy in managing the monetary system.
The condition of being steady and not changing in monetary management / value of money.
A standpoint / position or attitude in monetary matters.
A standpoint / position or attitude in monetary matters.
The value behind the money in a monetary system.
The provisions of law which the government of a country has made for the monetary arrangements in the country.
When restraints are imposed on money supply.
The unit of money and its divisions.
That part of the fiscal deficit that leads to an increase in money supply.
Assets which can be monetised by reducing debt burden.
When government issues debt to central bank of the country.
The current medium of exchange in form of coins and bank notes.
When value of money is appreciates (increases).
A description of a bank liquid asset which covers day - to - day advances in the money market.
Which has a provision of returning back money (on happening of same event).
A policy of the government which aims at to expand the economy by making money more easily available to the public.
A promise made to a customer to return his money on happening of something.
A policy of insurance in which money is returned with accumulated profits.
Statement of costs or service charges.
A person who is engaged in the business of changing currency of one country to the currency of another country.
Space for indicating amount.
The cost in terms of money.
The amount spent on production of goods.
Such amount of money which is required to be paid on the mortgage.
Use of money without wasting.
Continuous circulution of money.
When increase in money income is thought to increase overall purchasing power but in fact it does not happen as price increases in similar proportion.
The total amount of money which is in circulation in economy.
Such instruments which can be used as money.
The process of transfer of funds from one account to another to hide the source and beneficial ownership of the money.
A person who is engaged in the business of money lending.
The economy that precludes private accumulation of money.
A market where funds in bulk quantity are lent and borrowed for short period of time.
The money function in which money is used as the consumer bench mark to designate the prices of goods throughout economy.
The factor by which an increment in money takes place.
A term that indicate relationship between the strike price of an option with the price of an underlying asset.
A denomination not actually coined but used in connection with keeping an account for facilitating things.
Money which moves very fast changes hands quickly.
A written acknowledgement of payment of money.
Sudden uncontrollable fear or alarm regarding money.
The rate of interest in term of money.
A way or proposal suggested for bringing in profits.
Money that has been stocked for meeting demand.
The sum of currency notes and coins held by the public.
The form of money that has to be accepted by a creator in payment without any limitation regarding number or value.
Utility derived from every purchase or every sum of money spent.
Wages paid in terms of money.
The amount of wages which is paid in the form of money.
Rate at which cash wages are paid.
A disorder since birth where the person shows mental retardation.
Having shape like a string of beads.
To maintain a regular surveillance over something.
Device used to control and check a particular condition.
Act of keeping regular surveillance.
Carefully watching and checking a situation.
keeping track of something
To check out a particular condition of a person.
to check periodically or to watch for specific purpose
The act of observing.
A system that provides inputs relating to information and a watch on the happenings.
A program that observes and regulates and controls or verifies the operations of a data - processing system.
Monitoring Software used in verify network connectivity to devices and application services.
A program that observes and regulates and controls or verifies the operations of a data - processing system.
A mecinal herb bearing hooded purple flowers.
Having stamens united into one set of bundle.
Cells of bone marrow giving rise to WBC 's.
Having one carpel.
Bearing or composed of single type of cell.
A type of inflorescence in which a single flower is grown at the top of the stalk which followed by a new flower axis growing from a single lateral bud.
An inflorescence having a single flower on each axis.
Something having a same color throughout.
A color blindness where it is differentiated only on the basis of brightness.
Having one cilia.
Where only one crop can be taken on the land.
suitable for use with one eye only
Something which is usable only on one eye.
State in which each eyes is used separately for vision.
A type of double vision wherein 2 objects are seen from a single eye.
The cultivation of single type of crop in a wide area.
A bandage is being used on one eye.
A type of WBC 's which is present in the blood and major function is to destroy foreign particles and bacteria.
Abnormality wherein the count of monocytes is very low.
The number of monocytes in blood is considerabaly high.
Having single genital tract.
Plant having both male and female flower on the same plant.
A system / practice of being married to only one husband or wife.
A study which is based on the fact that human beings are evolved from a single cell.
Reproduction by only one method.
Related to single gene.
To form a design with one or more letters.
First letter or combination of letters by which something may be known.
Detail description of one subject.
Having one head.
A hybrid of parental generation that differ in one trait.
A cross between parental generation that differ in one trait.
The common form of chip design, in which the base material (substrate) contains the pathways as well as the active elements that take part in its operation.
A technology in electronic manufacturing in which all circuit components such as resistors, capacitors, and diodes are mounted on a single uniform piece of material.
Having a single hollow.
A mental disorder where ones thoughts are confined to a particular idea.
Using only one metal is recognised as a monetary standard.
Existing in one form.
Organism having one testis in the scrotum.
Swelling seen in only one nerve.
A cell composed of a single nucleus.
Increase in the number of mononuclear monocytes in blood.
Feeding one kind of food.
Somebody who is afraid of being alone.
Something derived from a common source.
Descended from common ancestor.
paralysis of a single limb, usually arm
A paralysis type wherein one part like limb, muscle.
Having haploid set of chromosomes.
A defect since birth where only one leg is recognised.
To give / acquire sole right of doing some business or dealing in some commodity.
One who has a monopoly or supports monopoly.
A market where there are very few sellers or where sellers enjoy monopoly.
An organisation which enjoy monopoly.
The exclusive right of dealing in something.
Sole control of the trade in a commodity or * * * * * *.
A system or nation run on the concepts of monopoly management of capital.
Where something is controlled by a single agency.
Price when the supply and demand of goods in a particular market matches despite monopolistic existence.
The price that a monopolist may charge as he likes or what he likes.
The amount of profit that can be generated due to monopolistic rights.
The income derived through monopoly activity.
Such type of economy where monopolistic rights are in large number.
A person with absence of a foot or leg from birth.
Having one testis in the scrotum.
Building unit of carbohydrates which cannot be broken down to further.
A state of having one chromosome less than normal complement.
A font whose letters each occupy the same amount of space. Also called "fixed - width font" or "non - proportional font".
A font whose letters each occupy the same amount of space. Also called "fixed - width font" or "non - proportional font".
In Electronics, having only one stable state.
In Electronics, a multivibrator with one stable state and one unstable state. Also known as one - shot multivibrator; single - shot multivibrator; start - stop multivibrator; univibrator.
A trigger circuit that has one stable state and one unstable state. Also known as one - shot multivibrator; monostable multivibrator (MMV); start - stop multivibrator; univibrator; single - shot multivibrator.
A dull routine of repetitive work.
Taxonomical group that has a single specimen or species.
Related to axonomical group that has a single species.
A species with no races.
Derivative of a single ovum or egg.
Related to one known species of microorganism.
Form of oxygen containing one oxygen per molecule.
Individuals derived from a single egg.
Any type of protuberence seen in the human body.
a baby born with abnormal developmental defects.
Any anormal formation in animal making it look abnormal.
Fatty flesh layer situated above the junction of pubic bones in females.
Account related to a particular month.
The summary of something for a month.
Which is fixed for once a month on expiry of a period of one month.
Statement which is required to be submitted on monthly basis.
Details of something required to be furnished on monthly basis.
A condensed statement prepared every month.
Ticket which is valid for use for a month.
A diary where programme of tours for full month is recorded.
From one month to another month.
Region of cerebellum formed by the vermis located in median dorsal ridge.
An ancient building or other structure that has been preserved as of historical value.
Emotion state or state of mind at a given point of time.
Usually round red face seen in cushing 's syndrome.
Which is concerned with established rules of good behaviour.
Which according to the established standard of morality or good behaviour is considered risky.
Long standing mental disorder or disablity.
A binding that is not a legal requirement but is based on what is right.
This refers to the persuation employed by the central bank of the country to pursuade banks to ensure control over expansion of credit.
Which is morally disgraceful.
A temporary prohibition suspension of an activity.
A period for which legal authorisation to debtors has been issued for postponing payments.
Means the time span during which a borrower is permitted not to make payment of the loan availed by him.
A period of time allowed by the bank to the borrower for not repaying the loan.
A person who is Psychologically unhealthy.
Biological science which deals with structure of living organisms.
a state of being diseased
the relative occurrence of disease
Condition of being diseased
A state of disease or unhealthiness.
the incidence of a particular disease during a given year in a population
Any thing which can be relating, leading or causing disease.
denoting a rash that is similar to that of measles
Childhood viral disease characterised by eruption of red spots on the skin, fever, and catarrhal symptoms
Anything that resembles the red skin eruption of measles.
Latin word for disease or Another name Gilbert 's Syndrome.
Nervous disorder characterised by disturbance of the electrical activity of the brain.
Congenital cardiac disease with seen along with cyanosis.
Childhood disease characterised by slight pain in the knee, tenderness in the groin.
Infection disease characterised by marked recurrent attacks of spasmodic coughing,
A neonatal diseases of blood characterised by deficiency of prothrombin resulting in impaired blood clotting, leading to an increased physiological risk for bleeding.
Auto immune disease characterised by a low platelet count.
Condition causing yellowish disclouration of skin and eyes due ti increase in the bile pigments in the blood resulting from liver disease.
Disease characterised by irregular, spasmodic, involuntary movements of the limbs seen in the childhood.
Denegerative disease of bones of the foot seen in tuberculosis.
Condition of deficiency of iron in the body causing anemia mainly seen in young girls.
Condition of partial or complete loss of hair.
Removal of a tumour by division in to small pieces.
Chemical substance used as regent to fix dyes to cells, tissues, or other materials.
The creamy layer of the society plentiful of wealth / resources.
Which is almost or approximately.
A room or place where dead bodies are kept.
A location where unknown dead bodies are until identified and claimed or until arrangements for burial.
a place where unidentified dead bodies are kept awaiting identification, autopsy or post - death ritual
State of mind when it is lethargic or dull.
Being in the state of dying
State or condition approaching or at the point of death..
An organism about to die.
Such loans which are taken for a day and returned in the evening with some additional amount.
Condition commonly seen in pregnant woman characterised by nausea and vomiting upon rising in the morning.
A very stupid person
A mentally retarded
Individual suffering from a mild mental deficiency.
Developmental mental disability where the mental age of the person remains at 7 to 12 years.
An individual in variant in a population.
Cause to change shape in a computer animation.
A localised autoimmune disease that affects the blood vessels and connective tissue, characterised by patches of yellowish or ivory - colored hard, dry, smooth skin.
In linguistics, the smallest grammatical unit of speech. It may be an entire word or an element of a word.
Opium extract used as drug for relieve for pain as an alkaloid narcotic.
Diseased condition characterised by from excessive habitual or addictive use of morphine.
The process of development or evolution of the present form and structure of particular organism, organ, or part.
Related to form and structure of an organism.
Form and structure of particular organism, organ, or part.
A study deals with structure of plant and animal
The biological science which is study of form and structure of particular organism, organ, or part.
Branch of science that deals with the study of structural aspect of plants and animals.
External measurement of the form of an organisms.
State of loss of life from a living body.
A code through which letters are transmitted.
Any thing which can be realted to a bite or impression of a bite.
Any thing which is subjected or destined to die.
The loss of life on large scale.
The state of being subject to death (a living being).
The number of deaths in a given period.
Numercial value representing total deaths in a given time or place.
Occurance of death.
The ratio of death to the total population per year in a given area.
Condition of being mortal.
The proportion of death to population.
Percentage value of the numercial value representing total deaths in a given time or place.
The number of death in given time in that place
The ratio of death to the total population per year in a given area.
Wooden or ceramic vessel used to beat, crush, or ground drugs by pounding or rubbing with a pestle against it, usual bell shaped with rounded internal surface.
Giving some one something as security for obtaining loan.
The bank to whom property has been mortgaged by the borrower.
When mortgage is created through a sale deed based on certain condition.
A type of mortgage where title deeds of the property are kept in possession of the lender but ownership remains with the borrower.
A debenture accompnied by a charge on the assets of borrowing company.
A debenture bond which is backed by mortgage / charge of real property.
A loan that has been secured on the strength of mortgaging property.
The document executed in case of loan secured by the property that details condition etc.
Property which has been pledged as security for loan.
A person to whom property has been given as security for obtaining loan.
A burden or obligation created by way of mortgage.
One who keeps property as security against loan.
The state of being indebted by keeping property mortgaged.
Mortgage where occupation of property is also granted for a specific period on lease basis.
A security device entered into between seller and buyer where seller advances money to the buyer.
A bond backed by mortgage of real property.
When loan is obtained by keeping a permanent asset as security with the lender.
One who mortgages his property.
The property which has been kept as security for the loan obtained.
One who mortgages his property.
One who mortgages his property.
State of localised death of any part of the human body.
A hole in a framework so designed that the end of another part can be inserted into it.
A projected piece of wood made for insertion into the hole made in frame.
Where dead bodies are kept.
A Place designed to keep or maintain the dead body before the burial or cremation.
A place where dead bodies are kept.
Predasor of blastula formed by cleavage of a zygote usually seen as globular or spherical embryonic mass of blastomeres.
A stage of embryonic development consisting of a solid mass of blastomeres.
The process of formation of morula as globular or spherical embryonic mass of blastomeres.
Mulberry tree of family Moraceae having white to pale red fruit.
Condition caused due continues firing of motor impulses causing involuntary quivering or rippling motion at state of rest.
Part of an organism made of cells of different genotype.
An extract from navelof themalemuskdeer, which is brown in colour and is honey like in consistency.
A Field Effect Transistor in which the conducting channel is insulated from the gate terminal by a layer of oxide.
A blood sucking insect.
It is a insect having probocis for feeding
Two - winged insects of the Culicidae family with ability to suck blood.
A puncture of skin made by mosquito
Flowerless plant having leaves covering the stem.
Which is to be kept utmost secret.
The country which is granted the status of being treated in a special manner and given priority.
Which is utmost urgent to be attended * * * * * * delay.
Which is utmost importance.
Which is of utmost secrecy.
The left - most bit in a binary number having the greatest value.
The character in the leftmost position in a number or word.
The leftmost, non - zero digit with the greatest value in the number.
That has to be attended to without delay.
Requiring speedy action.
A roadside hotel providing accomodation to motorists whith parking facilities.
Insects of Lepidoptera order family with hairlike or feathery antennae, stout bodies, and the frenulum.
An insect of order Lepidoptera having a stout body and hairlike antennae.
The female parent.
Female who is pregnant or has given birth to a baby.
The main circuit board containing the primary components of a computer. Also called the "system board".
Any cell with a ablility to divide or givesriseto two or moredaughtercell 's.
A cell that divide to produce another cell.
A situation where goods and services are mostly produced in the home.
Any mark which is present from birth.
The first step in process of preparation of a homeopathic remedy, in which a plant, animal, or mineral product is soaked in alcohol.
one 's native language.
A movement
Spontanious movement.
To move spontaneously.
Ability to move spontaneously.
Capable of motion
Capable of movement.
Ability to move spontaneously.
A formal proposal.
Act of change in position, posture or place.
An offer for acceptance reposing full trust.
An offer presented for acceptance in which feeling of untrust has been expressed.
Incorrect expansion of MPEG, which stands for Moving Picture Experts Group.
Vomiting, nausea, during travelby bus, plane, car, etc.
Condition character by motion or movement induced nausea.
A study relating to act of moving.
The act of inspiring.
Things those contribute towards inspiration.
Person who provides motivation.
The factor that induces someone to act in a manner.
Something that produces motion.
Automobile machine or vehicle.
Anything relating to the movement or motion in the body.
Causing stimulation
Condition of Muscular incordination causing inablity to write.
The cortical area within the brain responsible for muscle movements.
Condition of inablity to perform volutary muscle movement.
Loan for purchase of motor car.
An allowance paid to employees for maintaining a car.
The centre with in brain responsible for generation of impulse for muscular action.
Nerve responsible for carrying impulse from brain for muscle contraction.
Neuron located in central nervous system and that control contraction of muscles.
Loss of motor function oract muscularcontraction by muscle.
A meanse of transport.
An area of opacity or inhomogeneity seen with in aphotographorradiograph.
Anormal pattern characterised by spotting and blotching.
A maxim expressing a principle * * * rule of conduct.
Sentence expressing on appropriate sentiment.
Group of parasitic and saprobic fungi.
Impression on which on which material is pressed or poured to make replicating cast.
Fungi that grow on the decaying organic matter in the form of hyphae.
Act of giving shape to lens from a liquid polymer in given or decided pattern or design.
To shed the cuticle or the outer skin by arthropods and reptiles.
Shedding of the part of the body in animal.
Act of naturally occuring periodic shedding of the cuticle or the outer skin by arthropods and reptiles.
Shedding of the part of the body in animal.
Gland associated with moulting.
To make a file system available for access.
A Condition brought in at high altitudes as result of decreased oxygen in the atmosphere there, causing condition like shortness of breath, nausea, and nosebleed.
When number of restrictions on trade between countries are being imposed.
Expression of sorrow (specially for a dead person).
The most popular pointing device that controls the movement of the cursor on a display screen.
Any large pile, heap, or mound or elevations.
A opening
A oral cavity
Organ which the start or entry of the digestive system.
A hollow space in the mouth that forms the opening of the digestive tract.
A person who speaks for another.
A stick like prosthetic gripped with teeth or surround structure with iin the mouth used by handicappedpersons for type, push buttons, turn pages, operate power wheelchairs, painting, andliftingsmallobjects.
Mouth is kept on other mouth.
Liquid medication meant for cleansing of the oral cavity mainly the mucosa part.
The type of bone joint in which some degree of free movement is possible within the bone as there is a layer of hyaline cartilage or fibrocartilage with in the opposing bone.
the abnormally mobile kidney
Articles of property which are not fixed.
Articles of property which can be moved.
To present a resolution.
Make a formal request.
1. In programming, to copy data from one place in memory to another. 2. In word processing and graphics, to relocate text and images to another part of the document or drawing. Also an operating system function that relocates files and folders on the hard disk.
A campaign undertaken with various activities.
Activities undertaken by a group.
Change of place.
Act of changing the position or posture.
Act of change of position or place.
Having motion
Change in the position of a body.
The prices when go up and come down.
The way the dak (letters etc.) move.
A register in which movement of something is recorded.
When food grains are allowed to be carried and marketed freely in any part of the country.
One who moves the resolution.
An average price of a security over a specified period of time.
An ISO committee that generates standards for digital video compression and audio. Also the name of their algorithms.
An ISO committee that generates standards for digital video compression and audio. Also the name of their algorithms.
In electronics, a microprocessor with its external memory, input / output interface devices, and buffer, clock, and driver circuits.
A network hub or switch. Also called Media Access Unit (MAU).
The left - most bit in a binary number having the greatest value.
The character in the leftmost position in a number or word.
The leftmost, non - zero digit with the greatest value in the number.
A single user operating system for PCs from Microsoft.
Fabrication of solid - state integrated circuits having more than about 12 gate - equivalent circuits.
1. A family of Internet - based services from Microsoft, which includes a search engine, e - mail (Hotmail), instant messaging (Windows Live Messaging) and a general - purpose portal with news, information and shopping (MSN Directory). 2. Short for MSN Messenger, the instant messaging service from MSN.
The most widely used operating system for desktop and laptop computers developed by Microsoft. Popularly known as "Windows" only.
The predicted elapsed time between inherent failures of a system during operation.
Part of the Signaling System 7 (SS7) used for communication in Public Switched Telephone Networks.
The approximate amount of time expected before a system or component will fail.
The average amount of time needed to repair a failed unit.
The average amount of time a functional unit will spend in corrective maintenance over a given period of time.
In computer networking, the size (in bytes) of the largest protocol data unit in a layer of a communications protocol that it can pass onwards.
Property to produce or secrete or contain mucus.
Anything which resembles or has the character or appearance of mucus.
Gelatinous preparation containing gum like extract of plants in water mainly used as excpient part of medicines.
A gluey, sticky substance secreted by plants.
Preparation which is moist and sticky in nature.
Glycoprotein content of the mucous membrane or mucous gland secretion.
A localized inflammation pertaining to any mucous membrane.
A retention cyst formed as result injury or blockage of any mucous membrane.
Junction or site at which the skin transforms or meets or comes together as a epithelial layer of any mucous membrane.
Any inflammation of mucous membrane within the intestine.
Group of several glycoproteins resembling mucus.
Anything with a ability dissolving or digesting, or liquefying or destroying or loosen and release the mucus.
Anything relating to the mucosa.
Long unbranched polysaccharides which consists of repeating disaccharide unit and is a main component of connective tissue.
Anything which contains mucus and pus.
Secretion where mucus is blended with pus.
Genus of fungus that are found in soil, digestive systems, plant surfaces and other decaying organic matter.
Fungal plant pathogen of family Mucoraceae.
Communication membrane of all cavity with the exterior with a lining of mucus - secreting glands
Any thing that can containing, producing, or secreting mucus secretion.
Any cell which can secrete mucus.
Abnormal closed epithelium - lined cavity containing mucin.
Gland with a ablity to secrete mucin.
Communication membrane of all cavity with the exterior with a lining of mucus - secreting glands.
A abnormal gray - white small spot of surface seen over the oral mucosa in secondary syphilis.
Any swelling / tumour composed of primitive connective tissue cells embedded in mucus base.
Disease of exocrine gland affecting the lungs, digestive system, sweat glands, and male fertility characterized by abnormally viscous mucus secretion by the affected glands.
The clear viscid secretion of the mucous membranes
Viscous material secreted by glands of the mucous membranes consisting of mucin, water, cells, and inorganic salts.
A bath with mud usual warm.
The upper limit of the frequencies that can be used at a specified time for point - to - point radio transmission involving propagation by reflection from the regular ionized layers of the ionosphere.
Culture of muga for the production of silk of great economic importance.
A plant of family Moraceae usually grown for ornamental purpose and have less juicy fruits.
Abnormal stony mass or deposit formed by mineral salts which resembles' Mulberry 'fruit in shape.
Genitals organs of females.
An Indian version of bill of exchange in vernacular language.
A prefix meaning many or many things.
Anything greater than one in number.
A computer system in which computational and data resources are made available simultaneously to a number of users who access the system through terminal devices, normally on an interactive or conversational basis.
A computer system in which computational and data resources are made available simultaneously to a number of users who access the system through terminal devices, normally on an interactive or conversational basis.
In telecommunication, a service feature that permits a user to designate more than one addressee for the same data sequentially or simultaneously.
In telecommunication, a service feature that permits a user to designate more than one addressee for the same data sequentially or simultaneously.
An strategy when many organisation are involved for doing the same work.
Pertaining to searches or systems which permit more than one aspect, or facet, of information to be used in combination, one with the other to effect identifying or selecting operations.
An advanced computer bus architecture from Intel used in industrial, military and aerospace applications.
Anything with multiple capsules.
A single address that refers to multiple network devices.
A way of efficiently transmitting text, audio, and video on the Internet or an internal network to a select group of people.
Multicast Router is used to send IGMP (Internet Group Management Protocol) query messages on their attached local networks. Host members of a multicast group respond to a query. The multicast router takes responsibility for forwarding multicast datagrams from one multicast group to all other networks that have members in the group.
Multicast Router is used to send IGMP (Internet Group Management Protocol) query messages on their attached local networks. Host members of a multicast group respond to a query. The multicast router takes responsibility for forwarding multicast datagrams from one multicast group to all other networks that have members in the group.
Anything consisting of more than one cell.
Having many cells.
A cheque which can be presented for payment in different cities as stipulated.
A computer made up of several computers.
The first time - sharing operating system developed at MIT and Bell Labs in the mid - 1960s.
When dealings are done in many currencies and not linked to one currency only.
When receipts are received in many currencies.
A more complex grouping of variables that, when processed, results in output that could have two or more dimensions, such as columns and rows.
A more complex grouping of variables that, when processed, results in output that could have two or more dimensions, such as columns and rows.
A programming language whose expressions are assembled in more than one dimension.
A programming language whose expressions are assembled in more than one dimension.
An antenna consisting of an arrangement of multiple dipole antennas.
A work plan that covers many aspect of a thing.
Which are of many kinds (duties).
State of fertilization of another ovum during a already existing pregnancy.
Anything which is divided into multiple segments or clefts.
A service circuit module developed as part of the companies digital telephony switching system which processes the incoming digital audio to detect the presence of various voice - band tone base signaling systems present during a call connection.
Many times pregnancy
Women who had previously one or more pregnancy.
Where many parties are involved.
When more than two agencies are involved in the clearing settlement process.
When currency of one country can be converted / exchanged with the currency of another / other countries with no restrictions.
When trade relations are established with many parties / countries.
An address in a computer instruction that indicates a location where the address of the referenced operand is to be found. Also known as indirect address.
Refers to processing data with different security clearances in the same system or network.
Using several languages for operation or for communication.
Having more then one lobe.
Anything with multiple lobes.
Anything contain multiple small cavity or compartments with in them.
1. The combined use of media, such as movies, music, lighting, CD - ROMs, and the Internet, as for education or entertainment. 2. The combined use of media, such as television, radio, print, and the Internet, as for advertising or publicity.
Information in more than one form. It includes the use of text, audio, graphics, animation and full - motion video.
A single electronic mail / message which combine text, graphics, voice, fax, video and other forms of information.
A single electronic mail / message which combine text, graphics, voice, fax, video and other forms of information.
Computer - based, interactive applications having multiple media elements, including text, graphics, animations, video, and sound. Multimedia technology refers to both the hardware and software used to create and run such systems.
Computer - based, interactive applications having multiple media elements, including text, graphics, animations, video, and sound. Multimedia technology refers to both the hardware and software used to create and run such systems.
1. Having operations, subsidiaries, or investments in more than two countries. 2. Of or involving more than two countries.
A business company operating in several countries.
Multinomial is one of the most important concepts in algebra.
Have nucleus more than one in number.
Having two or more nuclei per cell.
Many times delivary
An organism attacked by more than one parasites of different species.
Status of having given birth to more than one offspring or baby at a single birth.
Tariff which is not in one consolidated form but divided into different segments.
Computer program designed to sort more data than can be contained within the internal storage of a computer.
Computer program designed to sort more data than can be contained within the internal storage of a computer.
Anything more than one in numbers.
Having, relating to, or consisting of more than one individual, element, part, or other component; manifold.
Combining several signals for transmission on some shared medium (e. g. a telephone wire). Also called multiplexing.
An account maintained to record multiple cost.
An instruction which has more than one address in a computer.
When many companies / agencies are allowed to conduct banking business.
The simultaneous transmission of data to several destinations on a network.
Cost that involves many items.
When many crops can be grown an agricultural land.
A practice in trade that allow transactions in different currencies.
The system that allow to handle or deal multiple currencies.
When more than one factors are showing a balanced position.
The practice of following two or more different exchange rates for different purpose.
When finance has been obtained from different resources.
When loans are provided for more than one purpose.
Fracture of many bones at the same time.
A process ofselection that involves many obstacles.
When protection against loss or damage has been obtained in more than one manner.
Management of different type of functions.
State of pregnancy where more than one fetuses simultaneously in the womb.
The running of two or more programs in one computer at the same time. Same as multitasking.
Degenerative nervous disorder which is chronic in nature characterised by loss of myelin sheath around certain nerve fibers causing muscular weakness, loss of coordination, and speech and visual disturbances.
The tariff which has many options, or consisting of more than one part.
IBM 's best - known operating system for mainframe and large server computers.
Perception or a visual illusion of multiple image of a single object.
Relating to or being a system of simultaneous communication of two or more messages on the same wire or radio channel.
A type of bus structure in which the number of signal lines comprising the bus is less than the number of bits of data, address, or control information being transferred between elements of the system.
The first time - sharing operating system developed at MIT and Bell Labs in the mid - 1960s.
In communications, a device that merges several low - speed signals into one high - speed transmission and vice versa.
The utilization of differences in operating speeds between a computer and transmission lines. Also known as multiplex mode.
Combining several signals for transmission on some shared medium (e. g. a telephone wire). Also called multiple access.
The utilization of differences in operating speeds between a computer and transmission lines. Also known as multiplexer channel operation.
The utilization of differences in operating speeds between a computer and transmission lines. Also known as multiplexer channel operation.
Simultaneous transmission of two or more messages in either or both directions over a carrier channel.
Simultaneous transmission of two or more messages in either or both directions over a carrier channel.
To produce in a large number of a product.
The number by which a multiplicand is multiplied.
A register equal to two words in length in which the quotient is developed and in which the multiplier is entered for multiplication.
Refers to a communications line (network) that provides a path from one location to many.
A circuit that interconnects three or more separate points.
A device commonly used to bridge video conferencing connections of three or more end points, an end point being one or more users in a single location.
A device commonly used to bridge video conferencing connections of three or more end points, an end point being one or more users in a single location.
A device commonly used to bridge video conferencing connections of three or more end points, an end point being one or more users in a single location.
A device commonly used to bridge video conferencing connections of three or more end points, an end point being one or more users in a single location.
Consisting of more than one item of tax.
The use of two or more central processing units (CPUs) within a single computer system. In which one processor (CPU) controls the system, and the others are subordinate to it.
A computer that uses two or more processing units under integrated control. Also known as multi - processor.
A computer that uses two or more processing units under integrated control. Also known as multiprocessing system.
In Multiprocessor system there are more than one processor that works simultaneously. In which one is master processor and others are the slave.
The running of two or more programs in one computer at the same time. Same as multitasking.
The running of two or more programs in one computer at the same time. Same as multitasking.
The process of feeding instructions in a computer of running a programme on it in more than one fashion or running two or more programs simultaneously.
Such an attitude which considers more than one option to tackle an issue.
A plan of action that has many dimension or sides.
Which has several uses.
1. A communications protocol that allows for the transmission of data in many forms, such as audio, binary, or video. 2. The most common method for transmitting non - text files via Internet e - mail, which was originally designed for only ASCII text.
When people work in rotation of time.
In communication, pertaining to a network in which each station can communicate with each of the other stations.
A network hub or switch. Also called Media Access Unit (MAU).
The running of two or more programs in one computer at the same time. Same as multiprogramming.
A sophisticated form of multijob operation in a computer which allows a single copy of a program module to be used for more than one task.
A sophisticated form of multijob operation in a computer which allows a single copy of a program module to be used for more than one task.
Where more than one tax has been levied.
1. Multitasking within a single program. 2. A processing technique that allows two or more of the same type of transaction to be carried out simultaneously.
Methodology of artificially preserving the dead bodies of people.
A disease of parotid gland in the childhood
A Disease, characterized by a painful swelling of both cheek areas
A acute viral infection causing fever along the swelling of salivary gland (parotid gland).
Regarding self governance of town / city etc.
The self govering body of a town.
Taxes levied by the muncipality.
Anything relating to the wall or lining of any cavity within the human body.
A blood clot along the endocardinal lining of a cardiac chamber or wall of a large blood vessel.
Tooth that is derived from stomatal wall.
Killing
A soft sound
A mumbled or muttered type of low intensity abnormal sound heard by auscultation heart, lungs, or blood vessels.
An abnormal sound produced by heart.
A tropical plant of family Rutaceae having white scented flowers.
Common insect of all the domestic flies which are also known as housefly.
Spots seen before the eye resulting from the opaque cell fragments with in the vitreous humor and lens of the eye.
Bryophytes having leafy gametophytes.
A primary tissue.
Tissue structure which is contractile in the nature involved in the movement of various other parts of the human body
The region of muscle fiber that contains both thick myosin and thin actin filaments.
A thread of muscle
Anything relating to the muscle.
Loss of sense in muscles.
Tiredness or fatigue of the extrinsic ocular muscles of eye accompanied by dimming of vision and headache.
wasting of muscular tissue
Reduction in the size of muscle fibers in the body with increase in age.
Execution or function of group of muscles in a harmonious way to produce movements.
The filamentous building unit structure of a muscle.
An muscle coating present on any hollow organ or tubular structure with in the body.
A thin layering of smooth muscle present through the digestive system.
An muscle involuntary response to any stimulus which is physiological in nature.
Pain in the muscles of soft tissues surrounding joints and is chronic in nature accompanied by fatigue and tenderness with some parts of the body.
Any muscle faculties like touch, taste by which stimuli from outside or inside the body are received.
Organ system of the body made up of collectively all muscles.
An aggregation of cells of muscle or muscle fibre.
An abnormal growth of muscle tissue.
Muscle arrangement seen in a part or the whole body
Muscle fibers of the wall of atrium resembling the teeth of a comb.
Any thing involving or supplying, or pertaining to muscle and the skin together.
Any thing involving or supplying or pertaining to muscle and the membrane together.
Any thing involving or supplying or pertaining to the muscles and the skeleton.
A muscle
A building used for exhibiting things of historical importance.
Umbrella like Fungi which rapidly growing, fleshy.
Fleshy, edible bodies of many species of fungus.
When large number of companies providing financial services have come up in a short span of time.
Combination of vocal or instrumental sounds expressing pleasing emotions.
Low intensity abnormal sound from the heart in a very periodically harmonic pattern.
Theraphy where music is used to improve or maintain health.
Odorous glandular secretion secreted by certain other animals as the alligator.
Round seeds of Brassica nigra species of plant used as counterirritant in medicine
An annual herb of the Brassica family having seeds which are used for the condiment.
A register where attendance of staff is recorded.
Any thing that can subject to mutation in the human body.
Agent that can induce or increase mutation in a organism.
An agent that cause mutation in the genetic material of an organism.
Process / event resulting in the formation or development of a mutation.
Nature or potential of an agent to induce or increase mutation in a organism.
Organism resultant from the mutation or resultant new trait / new character from the mutation
An organism, cell or genetic character showing new character or trait that are not present in the wild type due to mutation.
A process in change of name (in revenue records etc.).
The process of undergoing change (generally ownership of property).
Alteration or change in a gene or chromosome of an organism resulting in new trait / new character in the organism.
A change in the chemistry of a gene
The process of change in the DNA sequence of gene which is cause by various factor.
A theory of origin of new characteristics in organisms due to mutation.
With necessary changes / alternations.
Condition when unable / unwilling to speak.
Which damaged or disfigured.
A note which is damaged or disfigured.
Disfigurement
Any injury causing disfigurement because of removal or destruction of important part of the body.
Condition where faculty of speech being absent.
Any sound by the body which low intensity in nature.
An account that is maintained on reciprocal basis.
The agency which have reciprocal interest.
An agreement arrived at between two or more parties with common consent of all.
An agreement arrived at between two or more parties with common consent of all.
An agreement arrived at between two or more parties with common consent of all.
When a company is floated by two persons both having some interest in it.
A fund that is credited by banks / other financial companies by collecting funds from general public for investing purposes.
An interaction between two organism where both organism are benefited.
Where two or more parties have common views.
An electronic equipment that allows multiple signals to travel over a single channel.
IBM 's best - known operating system for mainframe and large server computers.
Pain in the muscle
Any pain in muscle.
Weakness or fatigue of muscle
Muscular weakness
Neuromuscular disorder as a result defects of several types at the neuromuscular junction and is congenital in origin.
A disease of skeletol muscle resulting due to impaired transmission of nerve impulses causing generalized weakness and progressive fatigue of the skeletol muscle of face, neck, arms, and legs.
Lacking in the tonicity of a muscle.
Congenital child hood disease characterised by by general muscle hypotonia connected to the spinal nerves.
Vegetative part of a fungus made of hyphae.
Any type of organism which of a fungi origin.
The deadly effect caused due to toxin in certain mushroom.
A specialized organ in insects to hold symbiotes.
Nonmotile slender acid - fast aerobic type of bacteria.
The type bacteria which is reponsible for causing the leprosyinman, microbiologically it is gram - positive, aerobicbacteria.
The type bacteria which is reponsible for causing the tuberculosisinman, microbiologically it is gram - positive, aerobicbacteria.
A biologist who studies fungi growth, evolution and related things.
The study of fungi:
Biological science involved in the study of fungi.
Branch of biology that deals with the study of fungi.
A symbiotic relationship between a fungus and roots of vascular plant.
Any type of infection or disease caused by an fungi.
A condition of localized dilatation of the wall of an artery cuased due to fungi, usually following impaction of a septic embolus..
A cornealInfectionof theeye cuased due to a fungus.
A life form feeding on fungus.
A long abnormal prolonged dilation of the pupil of the eye.
The act of abnormal excessive or prolonged dilation of the pupil of the eye.
Surgical procedure of removing a part of muscle.
Any nature of pain related to the spinal cord.
Condition or state where there is a inflammation seen in both brain and spinal cord.
Embryonic posterior part of the developing hindbrain, from which the medulla oblongata develops.
Hindbrain part consisting of the medulla oblongata.
Lipid - rich substance formimg the themyelin sheathofnerveaxons.
The protective sheath around the axon of neuron made of lipid and protein.
Property to have been covered by lipid - rich substance.
Inflammation of the bone marrow.
Inflammation of the spinal cord.
Condition or state where there is a inflammation seen in spinal cord or bone marrow.
A precursors of the granulocytic leukocytes of produced in thebone marrow.
A focal malignant tumor consisting of myeloblasts thatdevelopsfrombone marrowcells.
Condition or state where there is large numbers of myeloblasts in the tissues or blood.
Protuburence seen as a defect of the spinal cord through a defect in the vertebral arch.
A cell found and produced by the bone marrow with a capabablity to develop in to leukocytes.
Disease of the bone marrow characterised by fibrosis of the bone marrow, causing hardening of the bone marrow.
The process of development of the nervous system, particular of the brain and spinal cord, during prenatal development.
Any thing related or pertaining to bone marrow.
Diseased condition characterized by proliferation of myeloid tissue in bone marrow and the spleen and abnormal increase of granulocytes.
Diagnostic method in which there is radiologically viewing spinal cord by injecting the radioopaque dye material in the same.
Any thing which is related to or derived from the bone marrow.
Any tumour that contain cells which are normally seen in bone marrow.
Condition or state charaterised by softening of the spinal cord.
Condition or state characterised by multiple tumor composed of cells of the type normally found in the bone marrow.
Congenitaldefect characterised by protrusion of the spinal cord and its meninges caused due to a defect in the vertebral column.
Cord of nerve tissue passing through spinal vertebrae extends from the medulla oblongata down.
Motor dysfunction caused due to a disease or a lesion of spinal cord.
Any disorder or disease or dysfunction related to the spinal cord.
Conditon are state where there is replacement of the hemopoietic tissue with in the bone marrow with abnormal tissue.
Disease of the bone marrow characterised by fibrosis of the bone marrow, causing hardening of the bone marrow.
Condition or state characterised by abnormal proliferationoftissueorcellularelementswith in the bone marrow.
Surgical procedure of placing incision on the spinal cord.
Any thing relating to coat of muscle or muscularis seen in the intestine.
A coat of muscle or muscularis seen in the intestine.
Any thing relating to dysfunction or disease of the spinal cord.
infestation with fly maggots
Infestation of the skin caused by parasitic dipterous fly larvae.
Condition or state of Inflammationin avoluntarymuscle of the body.
Aridgein mandible bone on theinnersurface extending from mental spine to thelastmolar tooth.
Condition or state of wasting or decrease in size of muscle in the body with age.
Anything relating to the muscle of the heart.
Inflammation of the muscular walls of the heart.
Inflammation in relation to the wall of the muscles of heart.
The middle muscular layer of the heart
The medial bulk layer of the heart wall invovled in the contration of muscle during heart beats.
Type of seizure typically begins during adolescence or late childhood characterised with sudden shocklike twitching of muscles or parts of muscles.
Act or status of involuntary twitching of muscles or parts of muscles seen in various brain disorders.
The inflammation in relation to muscles or parts of muscles of vagina.
Unit structure or the unit cell of the any muscle tissue.
Fat degeneration of any muscle tissue.
Any pain in relation to any muscle or parts of muscle.
Group of dsorder or defect causing weakness and wasting in strength and bulk in a muscle.
Cells derived from epithelial cells and are arranged around sweat gland, mammary gland, lacrimal gland, and salivary gland.
Any tumour or swelling of muscle and connective tissue origin containing both muscle and connective tissue.
Condition characterised by atrophy of the muscular tissue and its replacement by fibrous tissue.
The process of development / formation muscle fibers and muscles.
Any thing originating from a muscle.
Anything leading or giving foramtion of muscle.
Diagnostictestto measuremuscleresponse or muscular contractionsagainst the nervestimulation.
Instrumentfor determining andrecordingthe differentphases of muscle contraction.
Any thing related or pertaining to myography.
Study describing the contraction of the muscle.
Anything composed of, or resembling, muscularfibre.
Benign condition charaterised by continuousinvoluntaryquivering or rippling ofmusclesatrest.
Tumour of muscular nature consisting of fat.
Medicinal science pertaining to muscles in both the normal and diseased states.
Muscle dissolution or liquefaction preceded bydegeneration.
Fibroidtumourof uterus which is benign in nature.
Condition of softening of the muscle due to pathological degeneration.
Benign tumour of muscle origin.
Operative removal of a myoma
Surgical removal of the fibroidtumour from uterine.
A muscle segment found commonly in chordates.
Inflammationpertaining tomusclewallof theuterus.
Medial muscular layer with in the uterine wall consisting of the smooth muscle.
Necrotic damage or necrosis confined to a muscle.
A contractile protein muscle fibre.
Any thing involving both muscle and nerve.
Muscular pain of neural origin
The junction at which nerve meets the muscle to it supplies.
Any disease pertaining to muscle.
Twitching in relation to a muscle.
Complete paralysis of any muscle organ.
Partial weakness or paralysis of any muscle.
Any thing related or pertaining to disease or disorder of muscle origin.
A disease of the muscular tissues
Any disease or disorder of muscle origin.
Any individual or person suffering from shortsightedness.
A abnormal vision
Vision defect where distant objects appear blurred or fuzzy.
Anything relating or pertaining to shortsightedness.
A visual defect as a result of an inability of the cornea to properly focus an image onto the retina in which the light rays are brought to a focus in front of the retina resulting is a blurred image
Anything related or pertaining to corrective surgery of muscle.
Plastic or corrective surgery performed on defective or deformed muscle with portions of detached muscles.
A tear or rupture of a muscle or part of muscle.
Any malignant tumour of muscle origin.
Condition characterised by hardening of muscle tissue due to hyperplasia of connective tissue following a long standing inflammation of that muscle.
An excessive contraction of the pupil.
Inflammation of a muscle
Inflammation of a muscle and bone
Myositis is a rare disease in which muscle weakness is seen due to the damage and inflammation of muscle fibers and skin.
Induration muscle because of interstitial growth of fibrous tissue.
Deposition of bone of ossification in muscle tissue, causing pain and swelling.
Muscular spasm.
Pain in muscles.
Group of tissues developed from somites in vertebrates.
Division of a muscle through surgery.
Prolonged relaxation of a muscle after an initial contraction
a hereditary disease marked by tonic spasm and rigidity of certain muscles when attempts to move them after rest is made or when they are mechanically stimulated.
Schemes which are in an indefinite number.
The membrane in the brain that is sensitive to sound and vibrates to it.
Tympanic membrane inflammation.
Surgical removal of the tympanic membrane.
A surgery performed to correct hearing loss by repairing perforations of the eardrum with a tissue graft.
Surgical creation of a hole in the tympanic membrane
Intestine made of 16384 cells or more.
type genus of Myristicaceae; tropical Asian evergreen trees with small white or yellow flowers followed by fruits that are fleshy.
An organism that has a positive association with ants.
Refers to several unrelated fruit - bearing plant species
Traditional story involving supernatural character.
Mucus - secreting gland inflammation.
A dry, waxy type of swelling (nonpitting edema) with increased deposits of mucin in the skin (mucinosis) and other tissues, associated with hypothyroidism; the facial changes are distinctive, with swollen lips and thickened nose. myxedematous
hard edema of subcutaneous tissue due to hypothyroidism
Resembling or Containing mucus; mucoid.
A myxoma is a rare, usually noncancerous, primary tumor (a new growth of tissue) of the heart. It is the most common of all benign heart tumors.
A group of fungus like organism that grow on decaying vegetation.
production of mucus.
any of a group of RNA viruses, characteristically causing agglutination of erythrocytes. They include the viruses of influenza, parainfluenza, mumps, and Newcastle disease.
An autonomous body established by the University Grants Commission (UGC) of India to assess and accredit institutions of higher education in the country.
Plant pathogenic nematode that produces galls that are very similar to those caused by root - knot nematodes.
Resemble like a pearl.
Its an abbreviation for No abnormalities detected.
A dinucleotiode coenzyme which participates in many oxidation reactions as an electron carrier.
A coenzyme that act as a reducing agent in most anabolic reactions.
It is a naevus or mole which is generally normal.
A fatty tumour.
A benign localized overgrowth of melanin - forming cells of the skin
A circumscribed malformation of the skin
A mole or spot.
capillary hemangioma of the skin.
Spot or mark that are present since birth of a child.
A type of congenital marks occur in leanear bands on one side of the body.
Mole that are mainly associated of veins.
A genus of nematode having a broadly oval face pattern and laterally elongated body structure.
An annelids of the tribe Naidina that are found in fresh water.
One of the thin, horny, translucent plates
A horny sheath, protecting the upper end of each finger and toes of human.
The horny scale of plate of epidermis.
Nail root.
The portion of a finger or toe covered by the nail.
The layer of tissue under the nail.
The area of comprise of epithelium below the nail.
The fold of skin which is present upon the lateral and proximal margins of the nail.
A fold of hard skin over the base and sides of a fingernail.
Act of inserting or driving a nail
A toenail
A luser. Tends to imply someone who is ignorant mainly owing to inexperience. When this is applied to someone who has experience, there is a definite implication of stupidity.
A genus of poisonous snakes of the family Elapidae..
Without clothes.
A contract which has no covering by way of security.
An acknowledgement of indebtedness not accompanied by any security.
A debenture which is not accompanied by any security.
The eye which can be unassisted by an optical instrument.
Such an option which is without the corresponding security.
Any label, symbol or token that names or identifies an entity or a collection of data.
A printed visiting / business card that contains brief contact etc. details.
A small plate displayed outside office / residence bearing occupant 's name.
A network server that provides a naming, or directory, service.
(Not AND) A Boolean logic operation that is true if any single input is false.
The NAND operation is simply an AND operation followed by a NOT operation.
The condition of being stunted or dwarfed due to certain climatic condition.
Extremely small things.
To be abnormally small.
One billionth of a second.
To be dwarfed.
Back portion of the neck.
Turnip like shape.
A condition in which may include sexual attraction toward onself.
Excessive self - love during certain condition.
Genus of plant having hard, mostly spring - flowering, bulbs.
Psychotherapeutic treatment under light anesthesia
Psychotherapy of patient in a sleeplike state as a means of releasing repressed feelings or thoughts.
A chronic neurological disorder that affect the part of the brain that regulates when to be asleep and when to awake.
A condition of stupor.
A state of unconciousness
The unconsciousness due to narcotic drug.
A treatment for psychiatric disturbances by using narcotics.
Psychotherapy of the patient under the influence of a sedative.
Which covers insensibility.
An addictive drug that reduces pain and even alters mood and behavior.
A drug which induces sleep
The senior officer of commissioner level looking after matter relating to narcotics.
An active principle of opium.
a nostrils.
Pair of nasal cavities or openings.
The anterior opening of the nasal cavity.
A nasal drop.
A detailed written or spoken review.
One who narrates.
One who delivers commentry.
Area where size of demand is small.
In networking, a communication channel with a low data rate (transmission rates up to T1 speeds (1. 544 Mbps)).
Banking with limited primary functions like accepting of deposits and lending.
Banking with limited primary functions like accepting of deposits and lending.
In a stock market when supply of a share is very limited.
This is a measure of the stock of money in India.
Pertaining to the nose.
Belong to nose.
An elongated rectangular bone that forms the bridge of the nose.
Two small bones forming the arc of the nose.
An elongated bone that forms the bridge of the nose.
Cartilage in the lower anterior part of the nose.
Inflammation of the nose and throat.
A Hallow canal like structure of the nose.
The air passage behind the nose that plays an important role in breathing.
The midline ridge in the floor of the nasal cavity.
The projecting prominent part of nose.
The portion of the nasal cavity which is present in the anterior to the middle meatus.
Internal part of nose
The notch in the medial border of the maxilla of the nasal cavity.
A nasal cavity
Frontal process of the maxilla.
The wall dividing the nasal cavity into halves
The wall between the two nasal cavities.
An instrument
projection like structure in the nose
In process of development.
Come into existence.
Industry which is at the begginning stage.
The nose.
To have the shape of the nose.
The point in the skull where the nasal and frontal bones meet.
The two nasal bones.
Inflammation of the nose.
Inflammation of the nose and antrum of highmore.
Relating to the nose and upper lip.
Related to the nasal cavity and the lacrimal ducts.
The passage connecting lacrimal sac on each side to the anterior portion of the inferior meatus of the nose,
A scientific study related to nose.
Belong to nose and the palate of it.
Belong to nose and the pharynx.
A contagious viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory system.
An endoscope used to visualize the nasopharynx and larynx.
Telescopic instrument which is used for examination of the nasal passages and the nasopharynx.
The area of the upper throat that lies behind the nose and is the pharynx.
An instrument for examining the nasal cavities.
Inflammation of the nasal septum.
Inflammation related to the paranasal sinuses.
Very dangerous.
The nose.
Related to the time or place of one 's birth.
Accompanying birth.
Related to native place.
The birth rate; the ratio of births to the general population
The ratio of total live births to total population in a particular area over a specified period of time.
Floating in water.
Legs in aquatic organism adapted to swimming.
A seat
Buttocks, the seat portion of the body
The fleshy part of the human body on which a person sits.
A country distinguished by its geography, government or culture.
An animal which is protected by law being of importance.
The official song of a nation that is sung or played on certain formal occasion.
An autonomous body established by the University Grants Commission (UGC) of India to assess and accredit institutions of higher education in the country.
Degree of quality of something calculated for a nation as a whole.
A bird declared a national bird protected by law (peacock in India).
A statutory autonomous body established by AICTE for periodic evaluations of technical institutions & programmes basis according to specified norms and standards as recommended by AICTE council.
It was established in 1975 with the prime objective of improving the quality of the Medical Education by elevating the level and establishing standards of post graduate examinations in modern medicine on an all India basis.
A distinctive name of a product which is recognised at national level.
Printed pages showing the days, weeks and months of a particular year giving special * * * * * * * information as adopted by a nation
An area declared by the Central Government falling within the geographical jurisdiction of the national capital.
The defined geographical area of the national capital and governed as such.
A small division of office created to look after national clearing operations.
A national level institute engaged in practical economic research.
The official currency of a nation which is legal tender.
The total borrowings of governments.
The system through which national resources (money, goods produced etc.) are managed and developed.
An identifying symbol adopted by a nation.
A piece of cloth with a coloured pattern or picture on it that represents symbolise a country.
A fund created at the national level.
The main public road as declared by a country.
A glory achieved at national level.
The value in a country 's money of the total production of goods and services in that country for one year.
The classification / category which has been assigned to the nation with reference to the state of its industrialisation.
The U. S. government 's policy for managing advanced technology in the country.
A United States non - profit standards organization that develops, maintains and publishes technical standards related to publishing, bibliographic and library applications.
A scheme of insurance for a particular group of people at national level.
The act of integration all sections of the society in a nation.
The act of putting banks under control of the government with acquiring ownership.
Banks which have been brought under ownership control of the government.
Patriotic feelings for the nation.
The status of belonging to a particular nation.
When the ownership of the entity is taken over by the state (government).
A language adopted by the government (constitution) for the nation.
An intense feeling of deep fondness / devotion for the nation.
An area of natural or scientific etc. importance protected by the nation for people of the country.
The total market value of all the products and services produced by a nation during a specified time.
A place declared as habitat of wild animals and birds in the country.
The certificates of deposit available at all post offices designed for people who require absolute security and guaranteed return.
A scheme floated by government of India for saving with certain benefits and concessions.
A United States government agency that supports fundamental research and education in all the non - medical fields of science and engineering.
A song devoted to the nation.
A mark or character regarded as conventional representation of a nation.
A policy adopted by a country for economical management of resources.
Amount of money and other possession in a nation.
Efforts relating to the gradual development of nation.
The indigenous plant of the place.
One who is original inhabitant.
Also known to as native language, is the programming code to run on a specific processor using that processor special instruction set.
A compiler which runs on the computer for which it is producing machine code.
The country to which one belongs to by birth.
Language which is spoken / used by the natives.
Place where one is born.
Produced by nature and not artificial.
Determined by nature
One born without the usual powers of reason and understanding
The favourable condition that comes the natural way.
A particular binary coded decimal system that uses the first ten binary numbers in sequence to represent the digits 0 through 9.
Control of pest through predation and parasitism by introducing natural enemies.
A naturally created line that makes the limit of a territory.
A great disaster created by natural forces beyond the control of human being.
The capital that has been derived through natural means in normal course.
Control of pest by introducing natural enemies leaving the beneficial organisms unharmed.
Death that comes the natural way - like aging etc.
The great distruction created by natural forces.
Predators, parasitoids, and pathogens of an organism.
The proportion or degree of growth which is being achieved in normal course.
Process of adopting and acclimatising.
Upholding of what is just in a particular normal situation.
A language spoken or written by humans.
A field of computer science and linguistics concerned with the interactions between computers and human (natural) languages.
A software writing method that uses natural language to write programs that translate into machine code on a digital computer.
A query expressed by typing English, Hindi, Sanskrit or any other spoken language in a normal manner.
In taxonomy, former name of a plant family.
Premium that has been fixed initially in the normal conditions.
The pace of growing of something that is expected on the normal course.
The basic rate of lending of a bank on which its deposit and lending rates are formed.
Conditions or materials that exists and can be exploited economically.
Restoring something which has been damaged in a natural way.
A mechanism of evolution by which an organism which adapted to the environment where able to survive.
The wastage which is normal and expected.
Character or the temperament.
Things (goods) which have been produced by nature.
The inherent character of the transaction.
The type of work required to be done.
A physician that deal with the system of medicine based on the healing power of nature.
A system of medicine based on the healing power of nature.
A form of motion sickness which is caused by the motion of a floating platform.
An inclination to vomit.
An urge to vomiting
The sensation when there is a need to vomit.
The morning sickness of pregnancy.
Sea sickness
An agent that causes nausea.
A substance which is used to generate the tendency to vomit.
Feel like to be affected with nausea.
Causing sickening or nausea.
The pit in the center of the abdominal wall
Officers and men of navy.
A scar on the abdomen which is caused when the umbilical cord is removed from a newborn baby.
The umbilical cord.
A boat shaped
Boat shaped.
A boat shaped bone
situated on the big toe side of the tarsus
The lateral expansion of the urethra present in the glans penis.
Sea or river which can be used for passage of ships.
1. "Surfing the Web." To move from page to page on the Web. 2. To move through the menu structure in a software application.
The practice of sailing.
Voyage over waters on a ship.
Planning and determining course of journey by ship.
Netscape Communication 's popular Web browser.
A statutory autonomous body established by AICTE for periodic evaluations of technical institutions & programmes basis according to specified norms and standards as recommended by AICTE council.
Assets which can be converted into cash easily and quickly.
Which is to be delivered shortly.
Nearest - neighbor interpolation is the simplest form of texture mapping.
Any asset that can be quickly and easily converted to cash.
Such term deposits which are so flexible that these can be converted into cash easily.
A person who is closely related.
Inability to see distant objects clearly
Problem in seeing distant objects.
Defect of eyes in which the objects in the distance are blurred
A false joint.
A new joint that from a total joint replacement operation.
A cloudy spot on the cornea.
A liquid medication applied by spraying.
A cloudy appearance in the urine.
A diffuse mass of dust or gas that are visible as luminous patches.
A device for medication by spraying a fine mist into the nose.
Necator is a genus which includes some species of hookworm.
Things needed for doing something or meeting one 's requirements.
Which are inevitably and with all others excluded required.
Action that is required to be initiated / done.
The basic things which are required for living.
Part of body by which the head is connected to the trunk:
The part of the body of terrestrial or secondarily aquatic vertebrates.
Part of the body that conects head to the trunk.
Row of cells present above the egg within the neck of an archegonium.
The normal degeneration and death of cells.
Belong to necrobiosis.
The abnormal or pathologic death of cells.
Related to origin in dead matter.
A list of people who died in the recent past.
The death of living cells or tissues.
An obsession with death.
An organism that eats dead, rotting flesh.
Feeding on dead or decaying animal flesh.
The act of such contact, with a dead body
An erotic attraction towards the corpses.
The fear of the dead things.
Related gangrene of lung.
Dead body examination
A postmortem examination.
Localized death of living tissue
Pathologic death of part of an organ,
Death of a cell or group of cells.
The death of living cells or tissues.
Of or relating to the presence of dead or immobile spermatozoa in the semen.
A condition in which the spermatozoa are motionless.
Of or relating to the death of cells or tissue in a localized area of the body.
Cells and tissues that are affected with necrosis.
The surgical removal of any dead bone.
Sweet, viscous fluid secreted by plant.
An organ of a plant that secretes nectar and are located within the base of the flower or on other portions of the plant.
A requirement or obligation.
An attitude / approach which is based on the requirement of the situation.
Loan which is made available as per needs.
Which is necessary or requisite.
Action which is required to be taken.
A small, slender piece of steel with a sharp point at one end and a hole for thread at the other end used for surgical sutures.
A small, slender piece of steel with a sharp point at one end and a hole for thread at the other end used for surgical sutures.
A small and slender implement used for sewing or surgical suturing purpose.
A surgical forceps used to hold.
Relatively long nematode found in soil that cause yellowing of small corn plants.
Dissection of a soft or secondary cataract.
To stitch with a small, slender and sharp - pointed implement.
That expresses denial or refusal.
Which is discouraging or prohibitive.
Clean and pure air without adding any subtances to air.
Of or relating to expression of a negation, refusal, or denial.
Adjustment for long distances by relaxation of the ciliary muscles of the eye.
The amount of balance which is below the stipulated level.
To hold in a specified way which is not positive.
When the amount of charge is zero or negative.
Feedback that reduces the output of a system.
When the proportion of export receipts is less than the amount paid for imports.
The situation when change in the demand of goods or services induced by a change in the income of the customer takes place.
When interest is charged by a bank for retaining funds on a deposit account.
When the amount invested is not giving any income - loosing money.
The amount of profit which is being realised is not in positive territory.
This a declaration given by the borrower to the bank to the effect that his assets are free and not encumbered and such assets shall not be sold without the consent of the bank.
The use of high voltage for a 0 bit and low voltage for a 1 bit.
Diurnal motion of plant parts away from the light of the sun.
It is a type of pledge given by the borrower when funds are being taken without any collateral, generally by a company.
A posting (entry) which is made to neutralise.
A reply that is in refusal.
Reacting in negative manner.
The savings which are showing a level of less than zero increase.
One which appears as a blank spot in the visual field.
A mass of salivary matter ejected from the mouth is negative.
A strike resorted to oppose something.
A tendency to do the opposite of what one is requested to do, or to resist stubbornly for no apparent reason.
An attitude of mind marked by skepticism.
When the required attention is not given.
lack of caring.
An area which has not been given desired attention or care.
Not paying attention to duty.
Sense of carelessness.
The state of being negligent.
Which is not worth considering - insignificant.
That can be discussed and modified.
When the process of negotiations is guided by the established practices.
When process of negotiation is guided and determined as per provision of law in force.
Which can be transferred from one person to another.
Any instrument that has the characteristics as defined in the related act.
An act that defineds and governs matters relating to negotiable instruments.
To confer with others in order to reach same agreement.
To confer with a view to reach an agreement.
Adopting a course to transfer a bill to another for a consideration.
A bill for which negotiation has been completed.
Discussion between two or more parties to arrive at some agreement.
Conducting discussion or meeting which is aimed at reaching at some agreement.
A bearer negotiable instrument which becomes negotiated by mere delivery.
A negotiable instrument payable to order becomes negotiated by endorsement by the holder and delivery thereof.
A fee which is charged by a bank for arranging a loan.
A method of finance under which the banker will discount trader 's bill of exchange in the prescribed manner.
One who negotiates.
One who conducts the negotiations.
Microscopic inclusion bodies found in the cytoplasm of nerve cells containing the rabies virus.
A plan to visit countries which are nearby.
A state which is situated close by.
Unsegmented elongated worms having a tube like digestive system which opens at both ends.
Pesticide use to kill nematode worms that attacks banana trees.
A species of worms that include the round and the thread worms.
Phylum of unsegmented elongated worms with a basically circular cross section.
An order of helminths including the nematodes and horsehair worms, acanthocephalans, rotifers, gastrotrichs.
Pesticide that kill parasitic nematodes.
A spermoblast.
A substance used to kill nematodes.
A phylum of worms including parasitic species in humans and plants as well as free - living nonparasitic species in soil or water.
Phylum of pseudocoelomates consisting of unsegmented elongated worms having a tube like digestive system which opens at both ends.
Unsegmented elongated worms having a tube like digestive system which opens at both ends.
Control of parasitic nematode by approach that integrate tools and strategies.
Strategy to keep the population density of nematode at the accepted low level.
Simple roundworms that are colorless and unsegmented.
Infection related with nematode parasites.
Belong to nematodes.
Resemble to thread like appearance of nematodes.
Concentrated populations of nematodes visible through naked eyes.
Disease caused by parasitic nematode in an organism.
Of or relating to new.
A prefix that relates as new.
The large lateral portion of the cerebellar hemisphere.
Theory of evolution that states that evolution occurs through inheritance of characteristics and not by natural selection.
A short - way type of diathermy.
A theory of inheritance that postulates that environmental factors is the main factor in genetic changes.
New senses of existing words.
Subgenera of genus Malenchus having species with rectangular labial plate, bearing four cephalic papillae.
A membranous exudate.
The new generation entrants who believe in expansion / pursuing trade and commerce.
The new generation entrants who believe in expansion / pursuing trade and commerce.
Of or pertaining to newborn children.
Related to newborn infants.
A form of tetanus that occurs in newborn infants.
Pertaining toa newborn individual.
A newborn infant of one less than four weeks old.
The art of caring medically for the newborn.
Belong to the newborn.
Of or relating to jaundice or icterus found in newborns.
Of or relating to conjunctivitis that occurs in newborns.
Branch of biology that deals with the recently living plants and animals.
The dorsal cap of the brain with frontal, parietal and occipital areas.
Abnormal new growth like a tumour.
An abnormal growth of tissue, as a tumor
An abnormal new growth of tissue.
Belong to a neoplasm.
Developed part of the corpus striatum.
The revived system of group of companies or individuals forming joint ventures for a project or business enterprise.
The revived system of group of companies or individuals forming joint ventures for a project or business enterprise.
Production of an offspring in its larvae or juvenile form.
The part of the thalamus projecting to the isocortex.
A new specimen for naming a species when preexisting type no longer exist.
A carnivorous plant species of family Nepenthaceae.
Pain inside the kidney.
Related to kidney.
A excretory organ in many invertebrates that remove metabolic wastes.
Related to the kidneys or renal.
An inflammatory disease of the kidneys.
An inflammation of the kidneys.
That cause nephritis.
A condition in which the calcium salt are deposited in the kidneys.
Excision that related to the renal capsule.
The protrusion of kidney.
Downward displacement occurred in the kidney and colon.
Originating or arising in the kidney.
Giving rise to the kidney tissue.
A detailed description of kidney.
Anything which is kidney shaped.
A calculus formed inside the kidney.
A condition marked by the presence of stones or calculus in the kidneys.
Formation of renal stone.
An incision made on the kidneys to remove kidney stones or renal calculi.
Incision for the removal of a calculus into the kidney.
The branch of science which deals with the nervous system.
Surgical detachment or destruction of renal cells.
Related to the destruction of a kidney.
Belong to nephrolysis.
A tumor arising from kidney tissue.
Softening of the kidneys.
Abnormal enlargement of any of the kidney or both.
One of the numerous filtering units of the vertebrate kidney that remove waste matter from the blood.
The functional unit of the kidney where urine is produced.
A type of non - inflammatory kidney condition.
Surgical fixation of a floating kidney.
Prolapse of the kidney.
An inflammation related to the kidney and upper urinary tract.
Plastic surgery of the kidney and renal pelvis.
Suppuration that comprise the kidney.
Prefix that means the kidney.
A kidney disorder in which the smallest arteries in the kidneys are damaged.
Belong to nephrosclerosis.
Disease of the kidneys marked by degeneration of renal tubular epithelium.
A surgical opening between the renal pelvis and the outside of the body.
A surgical procedure in which a tube or catheter is inserted through the skin and than into the kidney.
Related to nephrosis.
Damaging or toxic to the kidney.
Deleterious to the cells and tissues of kidney.
Surgical removal of a kidney with its ureter.
Surgical removal of a kidney, ureter and other part or the bladder.
When favourtism is shown to relatives in granting privileges etc.
When favourtism is shown to relatives in granting privileges etc.
Plant viruses of family Secoviridae and are transmitted through nematodes.
An aquatic plant of family Fabaceae and mainly cultivated as vegetable plant.
A shrub of family Nymphaeaceae having red to white flowers.
A shrub of family Nymphaeaceae having showy flowers.
Bundles of fibers that conveys impulses of sensation, motion, etc., between the brain or spinal cord and other parts of the body.
One or more bundles of fibers that form the part of a system.
A long projection of neurons that transmit nerve impulses.
Of or relating to the functional unit of nervous system.
A group of connected nerve cells which take part to perform a specific function.
An unattached body cell of nerve.
An abnormal defect in the nerve either structurally or functionally.
A thread - like extension of a nerve cell that carries impulses away from the body.
A thread like projection of a nerve cell.
Collection of nerve cell bodies located outside the brain and spinal cord.
Replacement of defective nerve with a segment from a sound one.
The process of replacing a defective nerve with a healthy nerve.
A signal transmitted along a nerve fiber in response to a stimulus.
Bundle of processes of nerve fibers that form ring like structure around mouth, esophagus, anus etc.
The surgical suturing of a divided nerve.
A collection of bundles of nerve fibres bound together by connective tissue sheath.
Related to a motor nerve.
Substance that have a soothing or calming effect upon the nerves
Small nerve filaments present in the sheath of a larger nerve.
Of or pertaining to the nerves.
Of or pertaining to highly excitable.
Belong to nerves.
Unnaturally or acutely uneasy.
A condition due to stress, depression or as a result of dealing with trauma.
A group of nerve cells with a specific function.
Depression or other emotional or mental disorders.
The state of being temporarily nervous.
Mental states or anxiety.
Feeling of unease or any disease.
The system of cells, tissues and organs which regulates the body 's responses to stimuli.
An organ system that contain specialized cells called neurons that coordinate the actions of an animal.
An organ system made of specialized cells that regulate and coordinate the body activities.
A major part of the nervous system which is responsible for stimuli and transmitting impulses
Any of the filamentous bands of nervous tissue.
A pocket - like structure formed by a bird in a tree to lay and incubate its eggs and rear young ones.
A group of chondrocytes within the matrix of hyaline cartilage.
A logical structure used in computer programming where two repeating statements are placed in a "nested" form, i. e., one loop is situated within the body of the other.
Which is after taking into account all the deductions etc.
The amount by which something has been added after taking into account all deductions.
There are two kinds of addresses that are widely used on the Internet. One is a person 's e - mail address, and the other is the address of a Web site, which is known as a URL.
Adjustments which are effected after taking into account all deduction etc.
The amount which is left after all deductions.
The amount which has been earned in a year after taking into account all the deductions etc.
The difference between assets and liabilities excluding shareholder 's funds.
Balance appearing in credit side of an account after raising all debits.
When depreciation charged is added to the retained profit for the year.
Something that has been given / provided which is free from deductions.
Such portion of the bank deposits which are payable on demand after taking into account all deductable requirements.
Remainder left after substractions.
Such resources left with the bank after taking into account all commitments which can be used for lending / investment etc. purposes.
This is the difference between liquid liabilities and the net foreign assets.
Net credit to the non - financial public sector, credit to the private sector and other accounts.
Consists of foreign country debt + debt owned by non residents + public in domestic currency.
The GDP minus depreciation on a country 's capital goods.
It is gross domestic product (GDP) minus net export of goods and services.
The net amount of money drawn from the savings.
The value of fixed assets after depreciation.
The value of fixed assets after depreciation.
Lending to national government by RBI (Central bank of the country).
Generally with reference to an individual and the income after compulsory dedcutions and amout of tax.
The amount by which net income is increasing over the existing one.
The balance of increases in receipts over increase in payments.
The amount of interest that has been paid after all adjustments.
The investment made by a company in a financial year less any depreciation of the assets.
The total amount of investments made by a company during a financial year minus depreciation if any.
Such invisible receipts which are net of all deductions.
The total issue of shares offered to the public after taking out the shares earmarked for some purpose.
A user of the Internet. A Net "citizen."
Such liabilities which have been worked out after all adjustments.
Such amount of cash or assets which can be easily converted into cash without any loss.
The proportion of net liquid assets available to meet liabilities.
A situation where expenses and provision are more than the income.
The net amount of borrowings of the government.
The total market value of all the final goods and services produced by citizens of an economy during a period of one year.
Which reflects the position after taking into account the alternative (of something stock etc.) offered.
Which has been arrived at after making adjustment.
Which has been arrived at after making adjustment.
Which has been arrived at after deducting the rebate.
Such amount of net running income which is continuing.
Net amount of funds belonging to oneself.
The price which is without any discount etc.
Money produced by a transaction.
The yield that has been obtained after a process.
The net quantity of something that has been produced.
The gross profit of a business less all expenses including interest on loans and taxation.
Net amount of receipts after all the deductions etc.
Receipts which are after making all deductions etc.
The amount of repayment received from loanees which is after all deductions / rebates etc.
The net financial means available to achieve something.
The amount of yield received on investment which is after all deductions etc.
The income that is after deducting all expenses etc.
The account which reflects net revenue.
The amount realised from sales which is net of all deductions / rebates etc.
An arrangement or process through which net figures / positions are arrived at by making adjustments interse in two or more transaction / amounts.
When arrangements in revenue matters are for adjustments interse are decided as a matter of rule.
The process of arriving at the net position of assets by adjusting with each other where relevant.
The differences that are netted in case of value of assets.
The process in which expenses are done.
The process in which expenses are done.
Reddish itchy weals or swellings in the skin.
Urticaria that is caused from contact with various plants causing local irritation.
The net carrying capacity of a ship in tons.
The quantity obtained by adding all the related columns.
The total earned or unearned income of an individual after all deduction.
A virus with tubular particles and are transmitted through nematode.
The reflects the monetary equivalent of an asset, liability or transaction after deduction if any.
This is the difference between the cost of material and money received from the sale of finished goods.
Weight that is after all deductions.
A system of lines / roads etc. which cross and connect each other.
A complex system of communication / security etc.
A series of nodes interconnected by communication paths.
An arrangment of intersecting lines.
A chain of interconnected opertions / computers etc.
It governs user authentication and user permissions as well as security measures (firewalls, anti - spyware, antivirus, etc.)
A Network Access Machine (NAM) is a minicomputer system that acts as a network access point for a user at his terminal, and assists the user through the automatic execution of access procedures.
A hardware device or software that monitors and analyses data traveling over a network. Also called a "sniffer," "packet sniffer," "packet analyzer," "traffic analyzer" and "protocol analyzer".
The blueprint that provides a framework and technology foundation for designing, building and managing a communication network.
The original networking protocol for DOS and Windows PCs.
Traffic on the Internet, WAN or LAN that slows the transmission of data.
The terminal equipment furnished, installed, and maintained by the Telephone Company for the provision of network control signaling.
Any computer file system that supports sharing of files, printers and other resources as persistent storage over a computer network.
An auxiliary processor or system attached to another, usually larger, computer specifically to connect that computer to a network.
The money and net amount of other liquid assets available for conducting day to day operations of the bank.
In telecommunications, interconnection is the physical linking of a carrier 's network with equipment or facilities not belonging to that network.
Layer 3 of the seven - layer OSI model of computer networking. Also called the "Internet layer" or "IP layer".
It refers to the activities, methods, procedures, and tools that pertain to the operation, administration, maintenance, and provisioning of networked systems.
Network Monitoring Tool used in verify network connectivity to devices and application services.
An addressable device attached to a computer network. If the node is a computer it is more often called a "host".
A system of laying roads that cross each other and are connected to each other.
A person who monitors and maintains the operation of a communications network.
The route between any two nodes. Also called "Network line," "Network channel," "Network link" or "Network circuit."
Network Performance Monitoring Software used in verify network connectivity to devices and application services.
In computer hardware, a network port serves as an interface between a computer and the network.
Network Topology is the specific physical, logical, or virtual, arrangement of the network components and devices (nodes).
Communication is established using the TCP / IP protocols and communication is based on a set of facilities known as a Network Virtual Terminal (NVT).
The total value of all the assets (other than fictitious) less all current and long term liabilities.
The net value of all assets excluding fictitious assets and after deducting liabilities.
This is the annual amount of income / return that has been received / earned after all deductions on a investment expressed in percentage terms.
This is the annual amount of income / return that has been received / earned after all deductions on a investment expressed in percentage terms.
A non - membrane bound structure that composed of proteins and nucleic acids.
Of or pertaining to a nerve or the nervous system.
Belong to a nerve or the nervous system.
A bony or cartilaginous arch.
A group of embryonic cells which are pinched off during the formation of the neural tube.
Severe paroxysmal pain along the course of a nerve.
Acute pain that follows the path of a nerve.
Acute paroxysmal pain usually without demonstrable changes in the nerve structure.
A groove in the midline present in the vertebrate embryo between the neural folds.
The two ridge present in the embryo that contains laterals cords of neuroblasts.
The mildest type of focal nerve lesion which is caused by a focal lesion.
A complex of symptoms characterized by chronic fatigue and weakness, loss of memory, and generalized aches and pains.
A psychological disorder characterized by general lassitude, irritability, lack of concentration, worry, and hypochondria
Belong to the suffering from neurasthenia.
Related to Neurasthenia.
A very severe pain along the whole length of a nerve.
The appendage of the neuron which transmits impulses away from the cell body.
The surgical operation that include a nerve or a nerve trunk to stretch.
Surgical removal of a part of a nerve or a complete nerve.
The removal that include a part or all of a nerve.
A condition in which dislocation of a nerve trunk is involved.
Belong to both the neuron and the enteron.
Thin membrane which is spirally enwrapping the myelin layers of certain fibers.
A thin membrane that covers axons of peripheral nerves.
Inflammation of the neurilemma.
A tumor of the peripheral nervous system.
A type of syrupy poisonous quaternary ammonium hydroxide which is found in the brain.
A long unbranched projection from the cell body of a neuron.
Inflammation of a nerve or include a group of nerves.
Referring to an inflammatory condition of a nerve.
A condition that include an inflamed nerve or an inflamed portion of the nervous system.
Of or relating to a nerve or nervous system.
A combining form related to nerve.
The study of the anatomy of nervous tissue and structures of the nervous system.
A joint disorder due to loss of sensation in the joints.
An embryonic cell by which nerve cell develops.
An embryonic cells that divides and develops into nerve cell or neuron.
A cancer that forms in the nerve tissue.
Inflammation that occur in the choroid coat of the eye, the retina and the optic nerve.
Inflammation that occur in the choroid coat of the eye and the optic nerve.
The body comprise of a nerve cell.
The body of a neuron.
Destruction related to nerve cells.
A tumor composed of mature nerve cells.
The branching process of a neuron.
Thickened itchy skin due to persistently rubbing or scratching an area of skin.
A neurotic condition.
Related to nervous energy.
Severe paroxysmal pain extending along a group of nerves.
Embryonic ectoderm that form nervous tissue.
Related to the neuroectoderm.
A tumor derived from certain nerve cells.
The embryonic ectoderm that is form to form nervous system.
A tumors form from Schwann cells, fibroblasts and the perineurial cells.
A condition in which tumors is grown on nerve tissue.
The process through which neurons are generated.
In relation with the nerves or the nervous system.
Originated in nervous tissue.
The supporting structure of nervous tissue.
Belong to cells of neuroglia.
A tumor of neuroglial tissue.
The posterior portion of the pituitary gland that have a rich supply of nerve fibers.
Anything which is nerve like.
A state of central nervous system depression and analgesia.
Drugs that modify psychotic symptoms.
A specialist or doctor who speacilizes in the treatment of disorders of nervous system.
A physician who specializes in neurology.
The branch of science which deals with the nervous system.
A substance which destroys the cells of ganglion and cortical region.
The breaking down of nerve tissue during any disease.
Belong to neurolysis.
A tumor growing from a nerve.
Softening of nerve tissue due to any disease.
Related to neuromas.
A metameric segment of the cerebro - spinal nervous system.
Related to neuromer.
Related to both nerves and muscles.
A fusiform end organ inside the skeletal muscle.
Inflammation of the spinal cord and related peripheral nerves.
Disease of muscles and nerves together.
Neuritis related with inflammation in a muscle.
Of or relating to the functional unit of nervous system.
The specialized cells by which body 's nervous system is made.
A nerve cell the transmit nerve impulses.
In relation with a neuron.
Destruction of nerve cells by phagocytic effects.
Loss of muscle power due to disorder in the part of the nervous system.
Pain caused by damage of nerves.
The development of a disease of the nervous system
The study of disease related to nervous system tissue.
Any disease of the nervous system.
Disease or damage of the nerves.
The branch of pharmacology related to the effects of drugs on the nervous system.
A specialist or doctor who speacilizes in the treatment of disorders of brain and nervous system.
The study that contains molecular, cellular, and systemic neurophysiology, functional neuromorphology, neuropharmacology, and neurochemistry.
A dense network of axons within a ganglion.
The protoplasm of a neuron.
Surgery to repair nerve tissue.
paralysis in nerves caused by disease or injury.
Related to paralysis that affect the nervous system.
The opening at each end of the neural tube during the time of early embryonic development.
The temporary failure of functions due to a disorder of the nervous system.
A condition in which a nerve remains in place after a severe injury although it no longer transmits impulses.
An order of insects that includes lacewings, mantidflies, antlions.
Inflammation of the retina and optic nerve of the eye.
A sarcoma that include neuromatous elements.
A type of nerve cell that secretes hormones which directly act on at neurohemal organs.
Secretion of subtance by nerve cells.
A psychological state characterized by excessive anxiety or insecurity.
Types of very common mental health disorders.
A neurotic disorder characterized by pervasive anxiety.
A condition when neurons respond with abnormal force.
A physician who specializes in surgery on the brain and other parts of the nervous system.
A specialist or doctor who is specialized in doing the surgeries of the brain and nervous system.
A specialized field of surgery that involves the treatment of diseases related to the central nervous system and spine.
The branch of surgery involving some part of the nervous system, including the brain and the spinal cord.
Of or relating to syphilis of the central nervous system.
Of or relating to syphilis of the central nervous system.
A disease caused by a microorganism which is transmitted during sexual intercourse.
Related to neurosis.
A person who is afflicted with neurosis.
The surgical cutting to relieve pain.
Toxic substances that have a poisonous effect on nervous system.
The surgical crushing of any nerve.
Belong to the effects of nerves on the nutritive processes.
The nerves influence on the nutrition and maintenance of body tissue.
Tend to attack the nervous system.
The tendency to attack nervous tissue.
Not supporting either of two opposite sides.
Impotent.
Compound which is neither acidic nor alkaline.
Referring to something which belongs to neither kind.
An economy that believes that central bank of country does not affect the real economy i. e. job or investment, it can have a short term effect only.
The process or act of neutralising.
The state of not supporting either side in a dispute.
The process of neutralizing.
To make anything neutral.
A market which is neither supporting bullish trend nor allowing prices to fall.
Neutral money is the money that is generated by a monetary system in which there are no involuntary wealth redistribution.
A spread designed to create a delta of zero i. e. a position where sell price will have no effect.
A condition when the number of neutrophils in the bloodstream is decreased.
White blood cells.
A phagocytic leukocyte that has a lobulated nucleus and a granular cytoplasm.
A congenital mark on the skin.
Of or relating to an who is recently born.
An arrangement or a business transaction of recent origin.
A neoplasm or tumor.
Recent means evolved for providing service.
The market where offers of newly issued shares are being made to the public.
When the new debentures which are being offered to the public in the market.
New shares which are being offered to the public in the market.
Items of expenditure which have recent origin.
In computing, a new line character is a special character or sequence of characters signifying the end of a line of text. Also known as a line break or end - of - line (EOL) character.
Which has been created recently.
Such economies (of the countries) where industrialisation has taken place recently.
Recently charged amount of premium.
Recently introduced cash register for premium.
Information about recently happened important or interesting events either published or broadcast.
An organisation that collects and distributes news items.
Collection of select item of news for broadcasting.
A service which has been started recently.
A periodical news bulletin meant for a select group.
A periodical news bulletin meant for a select group.
A printed publication (which may be daily, weekly etc.) that contains news items, comments and other features.
Some one who reads news items on television etc.
A short film featuring recent events.
A sheet of paper that contains news items.
Rule according to which you deal with something that come next below.
Closest living relative.
A place where a ship stops on journey.
A type of vitamin B which is water - soluble.
A unit of computer storage or information equal to one - half a byte.
When rate of wages is coming down repeatedly in small amount.
The physical environment in which the organism has adapted and play a role in the food web of a community.
Coins which are made of hard silver type metal.
A colorless and poisonous alkaloid which is derived from tobacco plant.
Belong the effects produced by nicotine on nerve fibers.
A white crystalline acid which is a component of the vitamin B complex.
Nicotine poisoning which is caused by excessive use of tobacco.
The process of blinking rapidly.
A place where spores or seeds germinate like in insects.
The implantation of the early embryo inside the uterine mucosa.
A point or place at which something originates, accumulates, or develops, as the center around which calculi form.
A condition of the eyes in which one cannot see or poorly see at night or in a dim light.
A condition of the eyes in which one cannot see or poorly see at night or in a dim light.
A condition of the eyes in which one cannot see or poorly see at night or in a dim light.
A condition of the eyes in which one cannot see or poorly see at night or in a dim light.
A condition that affects the vision particularly in night time.
Inability to see normally in dim light.
Duty performed during night hours.
Of or pertaining to a terrifying dream.
Bad dream occuring during rapid eye movement.
Several plants that come under the genus Solanum.
A place where one can stay at night.
Duty hours spread over during night time.
Human excreta collected and used as fertilizer.
The cart which is used to carry night soil.
Severe hot flashes that occur at night.
A sudden feeling of extreme fear that awakens a sleeping person, and is not associated with a dream or nightmare.
A sleep disruption that is similar to a nightmare.
Walking in one 's sleep.
Black or dull brown black in appearance.
A mixture of rubber with the ozocerite distillation residue.
The index that indicates daily movement of prices at Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Report that indicates nothing (number or amount).
Which denotes nothing or zero.
In mathematics and computing, the method of complements is a technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers.
The projection at the apex of the mammary gland, on the surface of which the lactiferous ducts open, surrounded by the circular pigmented areola.
The small projection at the center of the mammary gland.
The muscular contractions used to discharge waste.
A seasonal desire or impulse to mate.
The egg of a louse attached to a hair or a fiber of clothing.
Lice eggs that are oval and usually yellow to white.
An inorganic compound of one atom of nitrogen and three atoms of oxygen.
A transparent, colorless to yellowish liquid which is corrosive in nature.
The process by which ammonia is converted to nitrites and then to nitrates.
The biological process by which ammonia is oxidized into nitrite and then into nitrate.
A nonmetallic element which is colorless and odorless.
A biological process in which nitrates and ammonia gets assimilated in specific tissue of plants and algae that are incapable of independent nitrogen fixation.
Bacteria that are capable of converting gaseous nitrogen into ammonia.
A process in which the inorganic nitrogen is converted to inorganic and then again to inorganic form via both biological and non - biological processes.
A proces in which gaseous nitrogen is converted into ammonia by nitrogen fixing bacteria.
The process to combine with nitrogen.
That combine nitrogen or a nitrogen compound.
Containing nitrogen or nitrogen compounds.
An apparatus for measuring the amount of nitrogen.
A genus of bacteria that oxidizes ammonia into nitrite.
Prohibiting from entering.
When no information has been received.
A bonus in * * * * * of not claiming for an entitlement (generally in respect of certain insurance).
A resolution moved before a body expressing lack of confidence in the ruling management.
A vote in favour of expressing lack of confidence.
A combining form that means nocturnal.
A pathologic increase of albumin in urine that happen in night time.
During day and night time.
An abnormal fear of the dark.
The need to get up several times a night to urinate.
Of or relating to something that happens in the night.
Belong to be active at night.
Occuring or active at night.
The inability to acclimatize to dim lighting conditions.
Ejaculation of semen during sleep.
Involuntary urination while asleep.
Located near a node.
Agency which coordinates various functions as the main body.
A group of persons having corporate function named as a central agency for performing some specific job.
Junction points in a transmission system.
A protuberance or swelling in a tissue.
A protuberance or swelling in a tissue.
A connection point.
The part of the stem that holds buds and give rise to leaves, cones and other stems.
A small swelling or a knob.
A telephone talk which is required to be attended without delay.
A certificate that indicates that nothing is to be made.
The caudal ganglion of the vagus nerve.
A knoblike swelling.
A certificate indicating that there are no dues outstanding against the borrower.
Being bumpy.
A small mass of tissue or aggregation of cells.
Solid raised bumps under the skin.
A knob like structure.
A slip enclosed with the cheque returned unpaid indicating sufficient funds are not available in the account.
An account with bank which contain essential features with limited facilities but no fancy or complicated formalities.
An account with bank which contain essential features with limited facilities but no fancy or complicated formalities.
A district in a state where no industry has been in existence.
Such an account where interest is not levied / charged.
An account (with financial institution) where no interest is paid on credit balance.
Of or referring to a sound of any kind.
A loud, harsh, or confused sound.
In Electronics, device installed in a circuit to reduce its interference to other circuits.
In communication theory, the use of a code to improve the efficiency of a communication system in which noise is absent or negligible.
The amplitude level of the undesired background noise.
In electronics, the voltage difference between the guaranteed output level and the required input voltage level of a logic gate.
An annoying or physiologically damaging environmental noise level.
In electronics, a device which produces (usually random) electrical noise, for use in tests of the response of electrical systems to noise, and in measurements of noise intensity. Also known as noise generator.
In electricity, the temperature at which the thermal noise power of a passive system per unit bandwidth would be equal to the actual noise at the actual terminals; the standard reference temperature for noise measurements is 290 K.
When something is sold or distributed at no profit, only the actual cost is recovered.
A severe inflammation of the mouth or genitals.
A system of naming things.
A system of naming something inorder to identify them properly.
A system of assigning names to biological units.
A terminology used for naming the heads of accounts.
A taxon, the characteristics of which is not certain.
A scientific name to replace another scientific name.
A scientific name of a senior synonym which has not been used for more than fifty years by the scientific community.
Accounts which does not represent real but name only.
Amount which is insignificant.
Audit which does not cover the whole aspects / range of an audit it is confined to some limited area.
This is another name given to authorised capital.
Check which is for name sake - not serious.
Any consideration which is less than the real consideration.
Cost which is negligible.
The amount of damages which is insignificant.
The currency which has been designated as valid currency of the country.
When money earned is insignificant.
The exchange rate of the domestic currency vis -  - vis other currencies.
A simple transaction of exchanging one currency with another.
Expenditure which is of insignificant value.
Inspection which is not conducted thoroughly.
When only a token amount of interest is charged on loans.
Ledger which reflects Income and expenditure.
Member existing in name only.
Which enjoy a designated value in monetary terms.
Insignificant punishment imposed.
The amount given for something, which may have a different value to the price for which it could be obtianed.
The amount of rent which is very insignificant.
A share on which its face value is printed.
A taxon defined by its name bearing type.
The face value (shares, coins etc.).
The amount of wages paid in cash but does not include the value of other things paid in kind.
To propose somebody 's name for some position / award.
To name or appoint someone to perform a specific job.
Person who has been name or appoint.
One who has been appointed to an office by nomination.
The act of suggesting someone for honour, prize or position.
The act of choosing someone for particular job.
The act of choosing someone for particular job.
Papers relating to making nomination.
Papers through which nomination is executed.
Some one who has been nominated.
Some one who has been nominated.
An account where nomination has been done.
A director of a company who has been appointed by nomination.
Shares hold by a nominee.
A instrument used to find out values of 3 or more variables, used to find the refractive values etc.
Something which cannot be absorbed or sucked.
That lacks acceptance.
When the drawee has not signed or failed to sign the bill signifying his assent.
When the drawee has not signed or failed to sign the bill signifying his assent.
Non - observence.
Something which doesnt stick or bond easily.
Which has not been made known to public.
One who has not attained the age of eligibility.
Which is not connected with agriculture.
The act of not appearing.
The annuity which cannot be apportioned.
The income which cannot be determined for tax purposes.
Capital, money or goods invested in a trade which cannot be assessed.
Such assets which cannot be seized under law.
A trader who has not been given authority to deal in some commodity etc.
A certificate regarding not available.
The state of funds not being available.
A written order of the court to arrest someone and the person against whom such order is issued can not get bail.
A person seeking to avail banking facilities who is presently not a bank customer.
Activities which are not related to banking business as defined.
A company as defined in the Companies Act which is a company other than a bank.
A day for banks on which normal banking business is not transacted.
Those financial institution who utilise the borrowed funds to finance activities of other organisations but not undertake banking business.
Institutions which utilise the borrowed funds from public only to meet their own requirements.
An area where banking facilities are not available.
A place where treasure is kept but not maintained by a bank.
A treasury managed by the government.
A day on which no business (normal) is conducted and is declared so.
A debt repayment of which stands uncalled and has not been demanded.
Assets which are not in the form of cash.
An officer who looks after accounts relating to non - civil staff (forces).
A bank which is not a member of the clearing house.
Offence in which police (other authorised agency) has no right to deal with a matter at their own.
Not engaged in commercial activity.
Which is not having profit at the main aim.
Which is not connected with trade and commerce having profit as motive.
Such self governing institution, which is not run for profit motive.
Expenditure for which no pledge has been given.
Not acting according to the desire or order.
Somebody who is mentally unsound, or mentally ill.
Something which is not available on reduced or concession rate.
A type of insurance which is not in operation at the same time with other one.
Which is not of confidential nature.
Not to give permission.
Not according permission.
Appointment which is with interruption.
Service that does not have continuity.
The payment which is not based or arising out of a contract.
Where the other party (employees) are not required to contribute.
A pension scheme where employee is not required to make any contribution.
Something which is not disputable.
It refers to the feature of convertibility of an account with reference to currency it refers to non - exchangeability of one currency to another.
The debenture which may not be converted to equity shares.
Such area which does not enjoy much importance.
The tax which is collected / imposed on entities / individuals other than the corporates.
A tax payer who is not a corporate entity.
The components of production other than finance / loan.
Items of export which are other than the crude oil.
Stocks for which unpaid value of dividends to not accrue.
Which does not belong to the present time or not in vogue.
Assets which are not in use or have become redundant.
Such imported items which do not attract custom duty.
Such type of unemployment which is not of seasonal nature nor revolves in cycles.
Nematodes of family heteroderidae that does not form cyst.
Such type of loan which is centralised at one point / place.
The act of not handing over.
The act of not delivering.
(algorithm) A property of a computation which may have more than one result.
An algorithm with one or more choice points where multiple different continuations are possible, without any specification of which one will be taken.
The amount of money which is spent on items other than developmental activities.
The type of tax that does not differentiate between various classes or groups but is applied on similar footings.
An interview not based on an order.
Where there is no unfair treatment of a person or group.
Goods which do not last long / cannot be used for a long period of time.
Means of transport in which duty is not paid.
One who does not earn.
Which does not earn anything or does not give any returns.
Which is not related to finance.
Not having impressive effect.
Services which do not have desired effect.
In mathematics, a set containing one or more elements.
A certificate that indicates the state of not being encumbered with debts.
The absence endospore in the seed.
One who is not having title to.
One who has not having a title to.
Which is not absolutely necessary.
Goods which are not absolutely necessary.
Property belonging to a person who has been removed from some area.
Programming command that is not run or executed when being read by the computer.
Who does not perform the function of executing.
Goods which do not enjoy any tax etc. rebate.
Goods which are not free from taxes or other obligations.
The business which is conducted in goods not related to agriculture.
The price or cost which is not flexible but rigid.
Articles / goods which are not meant for consumption as food.
The act of not confiscating.
The sum of money that has been estimated / quoted without forfeiture.
Education imported in informal manner.
An area of activity in trade or business which is not organised but scattered.
The commitment made by the bank which does not involve cash immediately but liability to make good may arise on default.
Which has not been notified in the gazette.
Which has not been notified in the gazette.
An organisation which is neither promoted nor controlled by the government.
An organisation which does not work under government directly.
An organisation which does not work under government directly.
Construction works which are not carried out by the government.
When charges are required to be paid for making coins.
For which no guarantee has been given.
Goods which do not involve risk.
Something which does not provide protection against the possible loss.
Nonhierarchical cluster analysis methods allocate units to a fixed number of clusters so as to optimize some criterion representing a desired property of clusters.
A woman who is pregnant for total of nine times.
Somebody who has no ability to fight diseases and sickness.
A printer that prints without banging a ribbon onto paper.
One who is neither born in India nor have any ancestors from India.
Countries which are not developed industrially.
The state of being disabled not caused by an industrial activity or accident etc.
Of or relating to not infective.
Which does not cause or lead to inflation.
Possibilities of incurring loss which cannot be insured.
Not Interactive; A static Web page that has only links to other pages would not be considered interactive.
Where no interest is paid.
When no money is required to be paid for use of another 's money.
Bonds which do not carry any iterest.
Pertaining to something which is incapable of causing intoxication.
A woman who delivers 9 offsprings at a time.
Such notes which are not fit of being put into circulation.
Which is outside the purview of law of courts.
A stamp which is other than judicial or of the general nature.
Paper which is stamped for revenue value and used for not judicial purposes.
Which is other than the legal.
The work of insurance which is other than the life insurance.
An area that covers only non life insurance.
A term used in electronics, audio and telecommunications to describe the phenomenon of a non - linear relationship between the "input" and "output" signals of an electronic device.
The work force which is not engaged in physical labour.
Land which is not close to the lower limit for the purpose.
The PC processes non - maskable interrupts according to their priority level.
An instruction that can be carried out without having to obtain an operand from, or return a result to, memory.
A bill or hundi which does not relate to a commercial transaction.
Staff which does not belong to ministry.
An economic system which largely consists of non - monetary components like household labour and civic activities.
Such type of liabilities of the bank which are not represented in money term.
Such type of receipts of the government from the public which are not in the form of money.
Pertaining to something which is incapable of moving.
The numbers that are not negative (they are positive or zero).
Which is not open for discussions or modifications.
Which is not subject to negotiation.
When words "not negotiable" are marked on a instrument like cheque it restricts its negotiability.
An instrument which cannot be transferred from one person to another.
An instrument which does not fulfill the conditions prescribed under Negotiable Instrument Act for being negotiable and cannot be negotiated.
A security which cannot be transferred or negotiated further.
Loan for which no notification has been issued.
The act of not abiding.
The act of not obeying rules.
A tenant of land who does not enjoy rights of its occupancy and who is only a tiller.
Which is not official or authoritative.
Member who does not belong to the official cadre.
Articles of exports which do not include oil.
Income which is received from sources other than operation of the business function.
The production which is not of the most favrourable level.
It is a financial discipline required to be maintained by cooperative banks for obtaining funds from higher financing agency to cover the overdue loan.
Such type of insurance where benefits by way of profit distribution of the company are not available to the policy holder.
One who does not belong to any party.
Shares which are not of the same value as their nominal value.
A certificate regarding non - payment of something.
Damage which is not considered in terms of money.
Where pension is not paid as super * * * * * benefit.
An allocation that does not preempt a resource from a process to which it is already allocated.
Loans or advances on which neither interest nor instalment is being received.
The assets which cease to generate any income.
Such commodities which are not likely or liable to decay.
Having short existence.
The amount of expenditure spent outside the planned budget on developmental activities.
An allowance paid for not practicing a particular profession.
An allowance paid in lien of not practising a profession (doctor, advocate etc.).
Where there is no liking for something over another.
The competition which does not involve price.
Which is not included in the priority sector as notified.
A computer language that does not require writing traditional programming logic. Also known as a "declarative language".
The amount of bonus that is not related to the production considerations.
Such assets which are lying idle and are not being used for production.
When inputs used do not produce anything.
Which is not engaged in direct production of goods.
Wages which do not contribute to productive activities.
A farmer who is not able to make any profit from the produce on his farm.
Work which is not part of a project.
A font whose letters each occupy the same amount of space. Also called "fixed - width font" or "monospaced font".
Of or relating to not of a protein derivative.
This is a type of loan given by a bank to the borrower who will have no liability towards making repayment of loan which may in the nature of self liquidating.
Such outstanding amount which is due for repayment but there are no recoveries.
Relating to non - receipt of amount which is due.
Expenditure which is of non - receptive nature.
Expenditure which is not occurring again and again.
The amount of assistance that is not of repetitive nature.
The amount of assistance which is not granted again and again - it is one time only.
Payment which is not of repetitive nature.
Which is not to be returned back.
Such amount of deposit which is not to be given back.
When something / institution etc. required to be registered is not got registered.
The resources which can not be regained or recovered.
The notice which has not been renewed on expiry of the date.
Such transactions which have not been informed or placed on record.
Such goods which cannot be produced again for supply.
Any person (including a firm or company etc.) who is ordinarily resident of the country as per rules.
An account maintained by Indian nationals and persons of Indian origin resident abroad, foreign nationals and foreign companies in India.
This is like any ordinary non - resident account maintained in Indian currencies with certain special facilities.
Such accounts opened by non - resident are maintained in Indian currencies but enjoy certain special facilities like reconversion of balance into foreign currency as envisaged under the scheme.
Transaction between the government and the non - residents.
An area not included in residential zone or declared as non - residential.
Buildings not meant for residential purposes.
An Indian to resides outside India for a specified period in a year.
A citizen of India who at any time after 1947 had gone out or stayed outside India for a specified period or carry on business or vocation outside India with intention to stay outside / stays outside for a specified period.
The investment which is made by a non - resident in India.
Such accounts which can be opened in the names of private non - resident individuals and initial deposit for opening such a account is received from abroad in an approved manner.
An account may be savings or current a / c held in India in Indian rupee by a non - resident individual.
An account opened and maintained by non - residents only in designated branches in Pound sterling or US dollar in the form of fixed deposits only.
Not resistant.
Goods in transport which does not yield any income.
Receipts which are not of revenue nature.
Such type of investment which does not involve any risk.
Which can not be sold.
Which is not worth of being sold.
Bank which has not been included in the schedule specified for the purpose.
A bank which has not been included in the II schedule of RBI Act as scheduled bank.
The loans disbursed by a bank or a branch which are not under a specific scheme.
Such type of advances which are not restricted to a season but continues regularly.
Factory where production continues throughout the year.
Such type of risk for which no cover has been obtained for protection of loss.
Post which is kept outside the selection process.
In mathematics, a square matrix whose determinant is not zero.
Investment which is not part of investment required to be made under SLR requirements.
Shares which are not listed in a specific category in a stock exchange.
Which do not conform to the stipulated standards.
Which does not conform to a level or requirement.
Which is not permitted by law.
Which has not been made obligatory to be complied with by a law.
Countries which do not use sterling as a means of international payments.
1. A connection between computers or devices that do not have to be established by dialing. 2. A dedicated line.
Such beneficiaries who are outside the intended group under the plan.
Such act of restricting which is not connected with tariff.
Income on which no tax is required to be paid.
When payment is made with no tax.
Post which is not of technical nature.
Which cannot be terminated or for limited period.
Such type of loan which cannot be terminated which is for indefinite period.
Any node that is not a terminal node (i. e. a leaf node) and hence has one or more children. Also known as "internal node" or "interior node".
A symbol in a formal grammar that cannot appear in sentences of the grammar but may eventually be resolved into a sequence of terminal symbols.
A inflammation of a part of the neck which is due to the swelling of the thyroid gland.
The certificate which could not be found.
Shares in which no transactions are taking place.
Which is not traditional.
Goods which are not being made / produced in a traditional manner.
Such products which have not been made in a traditional manner but have a new look.
Which cannot be transferred.
Which cannot be transferred.
Which cannot be transferred.
A receipt of deposit which cannot be transferred in other 's name.
The failure of a fractured bone to mend or unite.
A communication which is not verbal but written.
A part which cannot grow or develop on its own such as a fetus.
Cannot survive or live independently.
Which has no chance of continuing in a profitable manner.
Not capable to develop.
A bank which is not in a position to maintain its existence in a profitable manner.
Non - volatile memory is generally used for the task of secondary storage or long - term persistent storage.
Types of computer memory that can retain the stored information even when power is turned off. Also called "Non - volatile storage".
The general name used to describe any type of random access memory which does not lose its information when power is turned off.
Non - volatile storage is generally used for the task of secondary storage or long - term persistent storage.
Those who have not been voted.
A vote which has not been given.
A share which is allotted to a share holder with no voting power.
The income which is derived from a source other than wages.
Such concentrated crops which do not need heavy dose of water.
Such type of goods which do not provide any assistance / help to the people.
A person who has not committed a default at his own will.
An act of not withdrawing.
A day on which no normal business is not transacted.
A dependent member of the family who does not earn anything.
The price which is other than the lowest possible amount.
A certificate to the effect of expressing no objection.
A certificate that indicate existence of no objection.
An assembly language instruction, sequence of programming language statements, or computer protocol command that effectively does nothing but hold the place for a future machine instruction.
A loop formed in a rope by means of a slipknot so that it binds tighter as the rope is pulled.
Which (place) is not meant for parking vehicles.
A certificate that indicates no payment is required.
An assembly language instruction, sequence of programming language statements, or computer protocol command that effectively does nothing but hold the place for a future machine instruction.
Activity where neither profit is earned nor losses are to be borne.
Such type of agriculture land on which no land revenue is required to be paid - it is exempted.
A Boolean logical function that is true if all inputs are false, and false if any input is true.
A logic gate that simulates the function of the logical operator NOR. [N (OT) + OR GATE].
A pattern or a standard that is decided.
A pattern produced which defines the shape of the part of the skull which encloses the brain.
A rule, principle or standard.
To carry out procedure by following scientific laws.
To carry out something by referring it to a particular standard or principle.
Which is not considered abnormal.
Which is free from any disorder.
Something which functions naturally.
Functioning or occurring in a natural way.
A regular course in which banking transactions are conducted.
The form of a floating - point number whose mantissa lies between 0. 1 and 1. 0.
Process of making normal.
The form of a floating - point number whose mantissa lies between 0. 1 and 1. 0.
Relay or switch contacts that are closed when the relay is not energized.
Relay or switch contacts that are open when the relay is not energized.
Tax which is generally applicable.
The usual time taken for conveyance of people or goods from one place to another.
A place where work is conducted usually.
Working which is not unusal.
A currency which is regarded as a currency setting norm.
A law which is regarded as a standard.
A blood cell which is immature composed of haemoglobin and nucleus.
A normal red color of the blood which is due to the presence of haemoglobin.
RBC, s with normal color, shape and size.
Anemia in which the red blood cells are normal in size.
Blood with adequate number of normal red blood cells.
A state where the body temperature is normal.
A Boolean logical operation that is true if all inputs are false, and false if any input is true.
Interest rates which are going up.
Railways operating in North Eastern areas of the country.
Railway largely operation in on frontier areas of North - East sector of the country.
Railways originating / operating in Northern sector of the country.
Country which is regarded as a developed country.
A human part which is used to breathe in air and is a part of the respiratory system.
Of or relating to the bleeding from the nose.
The seepage of blood form the nose.
Where smoking is not allowed.
A place where treatment is being given to the diseased patients.
A medicine prepared form a affected or diseased cells.
The origin of a disease.
Factor which causes a disease.
Pathological bracnh dealing into the description of various diseases.
The categorization of various diseases.
The branch of medical science dealing with the classification of disease.
A medicinal branch which carries out the activity of categorizing diseases.
An unnecessary fear of getting diseased.
A urge of returning back home.
One of the two external openings of the nose.
One of the two external openings of the nose.
Openings in the nose which control air passage.
An account maintained by a home bank with banks in foreign countries.
A medicine whose effectiveness is unproved and whose ingredients are usually secret.
A medicine which is being prepared by a quack doctor and has no efficiency.
Means nose.
The Boolean function which is true only if its input is false.
Which is eminent.
Which is worthy of taking note.
Something related to the back part.
Great discomfort or pain being observed in the back.
(NAND) A Boolean logic operation that is true if any single input is false.
The NOT - AND (NAND) operation is simply an AND operation followed by a NOT operation.
Which does not apply.
When a notary issues a certificate that the bill of exchange has been dishonoured either by non - acceptance or non - payment.
A person who is authorised to certify documents, take affidavits on oath or record statements.
A person authorised to perform certain legal formalities (attestation etc.).
A set of standard symbols which is acceptable.
Not easy to get.
Where no interest is charged or levied.
The logic operation whose results is False if and only if all its operands are True. Synonymous with NAND operation, nonconjunction.
An indentation at the edge of a structure.
An indentation at the edge of a structure.
A cavity in a bone structure or organ.
In electronics, a logic circuit with one input and one output that inverts the input signal at the output; that is, the output signal is a logical 1 if the input signal is a logical 0, and vice versa. Also known as inverter circuit.
A critical observation.
A critical observation.
A book containing blank pages.
The process of cancelling notes which are not fit for circulation.
The act of putting notes into circulation.
When a note is subjected to examination for being fit for circulation or being a genuine.
The process of producing a false note to look like genuine.
A facility under which notes of various denominations are issued to the public.
A note recorded for disagreement of views on certain issue.
A note containing disagreement on some opinion.
Sheets of blank paper fastened together from one side, used for writing notes.
Part where note has been recorded.
An electronic logic gate whose output is logic 1 (true) only when any one of its inputs is logic 1 and all the others are logic 0 (false), otherwise the output is logic 0. Also known as exclusive - OR gate (EXOR gate).
Rules framed by the monetary authority (RBI) regarding refund of notes.
Brief record of facts, topics, thoughts, critical observation etc.
Sheet of paper containing note (written record).
The amount that may be in economy to purchase goods and services.
Liquid assets hold by individuals and banks.
Notes which have been allowed to be retained against guarantee.
Notes which are of higher value.
Notes which are of smaller value.
The process of establishing truth about genuineness and quality of notes.
Points which are important.
Points which deserves attention.
Not to be more or greater than.
To go beyond the limit.
Display of information, announcement etc.
An announcement or intimation of something impending.
Which is worth noticing.
A board used for displaying notices.
Notice with a proforma that has been explained in detail.
Such deposits which can be withdrawn on notice / intimation. These are essentially term deposits.
Notice that has been served in writing.
Notice containing intimation of relieving from duty.
When a bill of exchange has been dishonoured by non - payment etc. a notice to this effect is to be given to the drawer and other concerned parties.
To inform or give notice to official health authorities.
Required to be reported or notified to the authorities.
A disease which has to be reported to the authorities as it can cause harm to other human beings.
An act of notifying.
A formal notifying or informing.
An area that has been announced for use for some specific purpose.
A commodity that has been announced to be considered / treated in a special manner.
A group of persons which has been notified (for some specific purpose).
A vacancy for which notification has been issued.
To inform or to announce or to make know.
When some remarks or observation are recorded or a note is put up in writing.
Recording comments / thoughts and preparing a preliminary sketch for any thing written.
The amount paid to the notary for recording remarks as a bill of exchange to the effect that payment or acceptance on the bill has been referred.
Which is hypothetical and not real.
A date which has been assumed to the date on which payment may be due or a bill should be presented for payment.
The amount of income which has been assumed.
Pay which is hypothetical.
Promotion that remains on paper and not real.
Small useful articles.
The status in rank in the service when decided on a hypothetical basis.
That connot be negotiated.
An instrument (cheque, bill if exchange etc.) which can be transferred to from one person to another as per rules.
The backbone of certain chrodates.
Something related to the notochord or the primitive backbone.
A logical connective with just one operand.
A Boolean logical operation that is true if all inputs are false, and false if any input is true.
One who does not reside in the country ordinarily (as per rules in force from time to time).
Well known for something bad.
A Boolean logical operation that is true if all inputs are false, and false if any input is true.
A Boolean logical operation that is true if all inputs are false, and false if any input is true.
Which has not been mentioned at some other place carrying different meaning.
For which no provision has been made.
Which is not adequate.
The dorsal portion of a thoracic segment.
Despite all the same (nevethless).
A technique used to subtract one number from another using only addition of positive numbers. Also called "radix complement" or "true complement".
Something that nourishes.
A new contract between the same parties of an old contract which is being replaced by new one.
A begginer joined recently.
A mechanical device to control and regulate the flow of a fluid.
Which is relating to nuclear.
Related to nucleus.
Lipid bilayer enclosing the nucleus of a cell.
Granular thread like structure inside the nucleus.
The figure formed by attachment of microtubules to the centromere for the movement of chromosomes during cell division.
The central part of an atom.
A large, membrane - bound, usually spherical protoplasmic structure within a living cell, containing the cell 's hereditary material and controlling its metabolism, growth, and reproduction.
A membrane bound organelle present in eukaryotic cells that contains genetic material complexed with proteins.
Expenditure which is futile / worthless.
Things or persons which cause annoyance.
Which has no binding force.
Which is invalid and not binding having so legal force.
A character with the value zero. Also called "null terminator.
In programming, a character string that contains no data. Called "null string" also.
Which has been invalidated.
A woman who has never given birth to a child.
In programming, a pointer with a value of zero. It may be the starting value in the pointer, or may be used as the response to an unsuccessful search function.
Expression of numerical quantity.
Such type of account on which name is not displayed and which is identified by a number given to it.
The process of putting numbers.
Machine (stamp) used for putting numbers.
Band or strip that indicates the series of number of notes.
Any notation for the representation of numbers.
Branch of mathematics concerned with the study of integers and relations between them.
Deprived of physical sensation or the ability to move.
A figure or group of figures denoting a number.
That denotes a number.
Accounts (number) expressed in numbers.
Branch of applied mathematics that studies methods for solving complicated equations using arithmetic operations, often so complex that they require a computer, to approximate the processes of analysis.
Which are arranged in order of numbers.
A classification system in which taxonomic units are grouped on the basis of the affinities or similarities between these taxonomic units.
Value which is expressed in numbers.
The scientific study of coins.
Value with reference to wins or medals.
A reproductive flight in ant and bee during which queen mate with male.
A lady formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or disabled.
A lady formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or disabled.
Such type of crop which enrich the land for fertility.
A place for the temporary care of children in the absence of their parents.
A place for the temporary care of children in the absence of their parents.
Act of caring for the sick account which is not in healthy state.
A home taking care of patient
A program to revive bad / sick accounts by providing caring inputs.
Taking care of ill person.
A substance essential for nourishment of body
Process of providing nourishing food.
The process of nourishing or being nourished.
A process of assimilation of food and uses of it for growth and development of the body.
Anaemia due to dietary deficiency
A type of swelling
Polyneuropathy is due to thiamin deficiency.
A specialist in the study of nutrition.
Full of nutrient.
A diet which nourishes body
Pertaining to nutrition.
Pertaining to nourishment of body
Related to nutrition.
NVM is generally used for the task of secondary storage or long - term persistent storage.
A woman with abnormal sexual desires.
Affected with excessive sexual desire.
Woman who exhibits extreme or obsessive desire for sexual stimulation
A tree or shrub in the genus Quercus.
A decidous tree belonging to the quercus famil and bearing a hard and durable wood.
A tarred fiber that has a long and distinguished history for use in shipbuilding and the repair of various sea - going vessels.
A species of cereal grain grown for its seed.
A grass which bears cereals and popularly grown for its edible seeds.
A solemn undertaking to fulfill a pledge.
A statement or promise strengthened by such an appeal.
A swear word,
An entry of material fact or circumstances on the record.
A solemn declaration in the name of god as a commitment to future action for the office one is going to hold.
Oath taken to maintain secrecy.
A ceremony organised for taking oath of office.
Ground oat groats or a porridge made from oats.
A double coil shaped structure of male stamens and the petals being opposite to the outer coil of stamens.
Numbness due to pressure on the sensory nerve.
The act of obeying.
Relating to the obelion.
A craniometric point on the sagittal suture between the parietal foramina.
Very fatty person
Extremely fat.
Over weight
An abnormal accumulation of body fat, usually 20% or more over an individual 's ideal body weight.
Notice of death in newpaper (s).
A list of the dead.
To protest about something.
To disapprove or complain about something.
To present an opposing argument.
The subjet sees the object, but cannot identify it due to a lesion in area 18 of the occipital cortex.
Visual agnosia for objects.
The computer into which a program is loaded and run. This is an early term that has no relationship to object technology. Also called "target computer".
Which has been opposed.
Conveying disapproval of something.
consignment arousing disapproval.
Book where objections are recorded.
Compilation of objections in a form of statement.
Listed details of objections.
An aim that one is trying to achieve.
Not influence by one 's own feelings etc.
Standard that can be reasonably achieved within the expected timeframe and with the available resources.
Based on verifiable evidence or phenomenon instead of on attitude, belief, or opinion.
Directed towards external things.
Taking a view and exhibiting facts uncoloured without mixing feeling.
The decisions relating to taxation which conform to the real situation.
That part of the memorandum of association where business objectives of the organisation are listed which it will pursue.
Information or data which reflect ground reality.
The lense of the microscope.
The goal which the company wants to achieve and potentials for the same.
The study conducted on the situation prevailing in reality.
A symptom evident to the observer.
Symptoms identified by observers.
Having to do with material object.
Which reflects the real value.
A sensation of rotation or movement of one 's self or of one' s surroundings in any plane.
The sense of being objective.
The output of an assembler or compiler, which is in the machine code of the target computer.
The purpose of audit.
Of, related to, or being a language or system that can use and support objects.
A programming language consisting of a sequence of commands directed at objects. Also called "Object - oriented programming language".
A type of programming in which programmers define not only the data type of a data structure, but also the types of operations (functions) that can be applied to the data structure.
Purpose and justification for that.
Able to exist or survive only in a particular environment.
An organism which can survive in a particular condition only.
Growth and development of organisms tends to temporarily stop due to particular conditions.
Required as a matter of obligation.
Something which is binding as duty.
Something which is binding and cannot be avoided.
The state of being obliged to someone.
The obligation which has been created as a result of some contract.
A situation when obligation becomes non - enforceable and void.
A type of parasitism in which the parasite dies as soon as the host dies.
Compulsory
Examination which are compulsory.
Such type of expenditure to be incurred for public purposes.
A person to whom another is bound to perform an obligation.
A person who is under obligation to perform a function.
Having the axis not perpendicular to the base.
Something having sides which are not equal.
A bandage in which successive turns proceed obliquely up or down a limb.
A fracture in which the line of break runs obliquely to the axis of the bone.
Illumination in which a beam of light is directed diagonally to an object.
The state of being oblique or slanting.
Deviation from moral rectitude or sound thinking.
A crossing which has been wiped out / erased or disfigured.
A crossing which has been wiped out / erased or disfigured.
A note with no clear traces and cannot be recognised easily as such.
To do away with completely so as to leave no trace.
The condition or quality of being completely forgotten.
A rectangular structure which is elongated and having parallel sides.
The medulla oblongata looks like a swelling at the tip of the spinal cord.
Something which is or will cause harm.
A shape which resembles an egg and which narrows at the base.
Which is indecent.
An expressive movement of body parts which is obscene in nature.
Dealing with sexual matters in disgusting way.
Not clear or plain.
Hidden by darkness.
The process of performing a law, duty or custom.
Act of complying with a rule.
The act of noticing.
The fact of being observed.
The system of learning by viewing.
Information which has been collected after scientific observation.
An interested spectator.
The domination of one 's thoughts or feelings.
An irrational preoccupation.
Which is going out of use.
Which has became out of date.
A coin use of which has since been discarded.
Disused or out of date stock of things / goods.
Releting to obstetrics
The surgical specialty dealing with the care of women and their children during pregnancy, childbirth and postnatal.
Releting to childbirth or obstetrics.
The shortest pelvic diameter through which the fetal head must pass during birth.
Emergency releted to obstetrics.
Forceps used to assist delivery of the fetal head.
A systemic record of past pregnancies and deliveries. and diseases.
A physician who specializes in obstetrics.
A physician who delivers babies and specializes in obstetrics.
The branch of medical science.
The branch of medicine that deals with the care of women during pregnancy.
Difficult to manage or control.
Resisting treatment.
Severe constipation due to intestinal obstruction.
To prevent easy passage.
To hinder from passage.
Interference with fetal passage through the birth canal.
The blockege of a vessels..
The condition of being obstructed.
Jaundice resulting from the obstruction to the flow of bile into the dueodenum
Jaundice due to obstruction of the biliary passages.
A murmur due to narrowing of one of the valvular orifices.
Blocking a passage of the body.
Articulations in which there is either a total closure of the vocal tract or a partial closure.
A development stage of an insect which has no mandibles and where legs, wings are fused.
A pupal condition where the legs and wings are attached to the main body and the abdomen is immotile.
To make less intense, dull or deaden.
To block or obstruct.
An organic structure, such as the soft palate that closes an opening in the body.
A large opening in the pelvis placed between the ischium and the pubis.
Lack of intelligence or sensitivity.
Dull or not sensitive or observant.
Dull or deadening of awareness or sensibility.
The front portion / side of the note which being head or the principal design.
To do away with.
Which is easily been or recognised.
Which shows clearly that it has to be paid.
Occurring after lapse of considerable time.
Happening on special occasion.
When the reason or ground of happening the incident is being neglect.
When the happening of the incident is attributed to the situation when something has been omitted.
Located near the occiput or the occipital bone.
Area belong to occiput.
Bone forms the back part of the skull and the base of the cranium.
A median ridge similarly situated on the inner surface of the occipital bone.
The prominence of the frontal bone present above each superciliary ridge in humans.
A sulcus present near the posterior end of each hemisphere which separates the parietal lobes and the occipital lobes in both hemispheres.
The opening in the skull from where the spinal cord passes to become the medulla oblongata.
A nerve structure composed of nerves or cells and present at the naterior portion of the skull or head.
Either of the two gyri of the occipital lobe.
A bone in the lower back part of the skull.
The posterior lobe of each cerebral hemisphere that have the shape of a three - sided pyramid.
Region in the back of the brain which processes visual information.
A junction or joint formed at the anterior portion of the head or skull.
A vein that drains the occipital region.
Relating to the occiput and the face.
Relating to the occiput and the forehead.
Relating to the occiput and the chin.
The back of the head.
The posterior part of the skull.
To shut in or out.
Belong to the masticating surfaces of the premolar and molar teeth.
The force exerted on opposing teeth when the jaws are brought into approximation.
The acquired or congenital closure of a passage.
Any contact between the incising or masticating surfaces of the upper and lower teeth.
The process of occluding.
Tending to occlude.
Belog to something that effects a closure.
Complete mechanical blocking of the lumen of the intestine.
Related to eye
Related to movements of the eyeball.
A secret substance.
A Hidden.
Beyond the range of ordinary knowledge or understanding.
Blood that is present in amounts too small to be seen and can be detected only by chemical analysis.
The state of being occupied.
The act of occupying / stay in a place.
A certificate regarding occupancy.
When something is being hold by occupying it.
Someone 's right to used a building or piece of land.
Right relating to possession of land or building as owner.
A farmer who is occupying land or estate by virtue of being a tenant.
A farmer who is occupying land or estate by virtue of being a tenant.
When occupancy has been created for a fixed period.
One who has possession over the land or building.
Someone who lives in a house through not necessary owning it.
The profession or job that someone is pursuing.
Job or profession
Any activity in which a person is engaged.
The act of occupiing or state of being occupied.
The state of being occupying.
Related to job or profession.
Caused by engagement in a particular occupation.
Accident on account of profession or job.
A functional spasm affecting certain muscles that are used constantly in a daily occupation.
A health problem caused by exposure to a workplace health hazard.
Family engaged in profession / job.
Hazards belonging to occupation.
The state of being not mobile in occupation or when very little option is available to change the occupation.
The state of being mobile in occupation or when there are opportunities to change one 's occupation.
A grading given to an occupation as compared to another.
Uncertainties / risks connected with the job or profession.
When someone changes his employment or the profession he is pursuing.
Skilled in the practice of a particular type of therapy.
A health profession that focuses on helping individuals with mental or physical illness or disabilities.
A rehabilitation process that helps individuals perform their daily activities despite the presence of any illness, disability, or injury.
A treatment based on proffesion.
A scrip which is a substitute for currency which is not legal tender.
A condition that is caused by overuse of a muscle in repetitive performance of an operation.
A type of tax levied on group of persons engaged in some profession.
The ratio of number of patients admitted in the hospital to the total number of bed in the hospital.
To reside or use land may be as tenant.
To enter a place and keep control of it.
An incident or event.
The act of occurring.
A pattern which is present on the butterfly wings which resembles an eye.
A species of plants which are widely grown for its rich oil which is used to prepare perfumes.
A plant with lot of branches, erect and having a rich aroma belonging to the family Lamiaceae.
The branch of character recognition concerned with the automatic identification of handwritten or printed characters by any of various photoelectric methods. Also known as electrooptical character recognition.
A grwoth of tissue around the plant stem.
The symbol 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, or 7 used as a digit in the octal number system.
The symbol 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, or 7 used as a number in the octal number system.
A positional notation number system which uses power of 8 to determine the value of a number 's position. Also known as "octonary number system".
Occurring every eighth day.
An organism which has eight feet resembling parts.
A duty levied in some states on goods entering a town.
A fence or wall or anything near the octroi post which obstructs the movement of vehicles carry goods.
Duty levied on goods entering a town.
A toll tax.
Related to eye
Relating to eyes.
Based on what has been seen.
A person who is skilled in the design, fabrication, and fitting of artificial eyes.
False perception.
Either of the paired evaginations of the forebrain of the embryo by which the sensory and pigment layers of the retina of the eye develop.
The internal portion of the eyeball.
A physician who treats diseases of the eyes.
A method of recording eye position and eye movements.
The limits of rotation of the eyeballs.
Concerned with movements of the eye.
Causing movements of the eyeball.
The third of twelve paired cranial nerves.
Blood in body products such as feces, not detectable on gross examination.
A circular opening at the top of a dome.
The right eye.
The left eye.
Any computer - generated information displayed on screen, printed on paper or in machine readable form.
A trades who stocks and deals in miscellaneous articles.
A means of detecting certain kinds of errors in which an extra bit, carried along with each word, is set to zero or one so that the total number of zeros or ones in each word is always made even or always made odd. Also known as parity check.
Time which is different from the normally expected time of work.
Time which is different from the normally expected time of work.
Which is not a part of set.
When shares are traded in small / uneven or less than stipulated lot.
A form of error checking of transmitted data in which a parity bit is 1 when there is an odd number of 1 bits in the byte.
A parity check in which the number of 0 's or 1' s in each word is expected to be odd; if the number is even, the check bit is 1, and if the number is odd, the check bit is 0.
An insect family which comprises of dragon flies.
Abnormal enlargement of a tooth pulp resulting in inflammation
Toothache thought to be of gouty origin.
Marked by toothache.
Inflammation in tooth.
Removal of teeth by the bending back of a mucoperiosteal flap and excision of bone.
Cutting of the teeth and is especially done in the deciduous teeth.
Belong to the teeth.
A group of large number of beetle species which belongs to the family Carabidae.
Any of the elongated radially arranged cells on the surface of the dental pulp.
An odontoma in its early formative stage.
A cyst in the alveolus of a tooth.
A cell produce resorption of the roots of deciduous teeth.
The formation and development of teeth.
A toothlike or peg - shaped process.
The toothlike process which articulates with the atlas above.
Calcareous adjournment on a teeth.
A person who study the structure, development and abnormalities of the teeth.
The study of the structure, development and abnormalities of the teeth.
The wearing away of a tooth by chemical or abrasive action.
Any odontogenic tumor, especially that deal with a composite odontoma.
Facial neuralgia due to a carious tooth.
The nomenclature that deals with dental structures and tissues.
A disease of the teeth or of their sockets.
A structure associated with the mouth and which helps in breaking down food.
A plant group which has the largest number of species in the Orchidaceae family.
Treatment of diseases of the teeth.
Cutting into the crown of a tooth.
An odorous substance.
Yielding or giving off an odor.
A smell
Any fragrant or offensive smell.
Without smell.
Have no odor of any type.
Pain on swallowing food and fluids.
An accumulation of excessive ammount of fluid in the tissue of the body.
An excess of fluid in the interstices of body tissues causing swelling to occur in the affected area.
Affected with oedema.
The son of the Laius and Jokasta.
Relating to the oesophagus.
Belong to the esophagus. which is a muscular tube through which food travels from the mouth to the stomach.
An esophageal obstruction that develops due to failure of the esophagogastric sphincter to relax.
A sac like cavity present in the channel which carries food from mouth to the stomach.
A ring like structure connected with the channel connecting the stomach and the pharynx.
A transparent membrane which form the covering of the channel connecting the mouth and the pharyx.
Representation of the channel connecting the pharynx and the stomach by a diagram.
Narrowing of lumen of oesophagus
Dilatation of the esophagus.
Excision of all or a part of the esophagus.
Nervous system which circles around the esophagus in worms.
Inflammation of oesophagus.
An inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus or gullet.
A plastic operation on the oesophagus.
An instrument for examining the oesophagus.
Examination of the oesophagus with the help of an instrument.
A diagnostic procedure which involves direct visualisation of the oesophagus using a fibreoptic scope
An incision through the wall of the oesophagus.
A hollow tube that carries food and liquids from the throat to the stomach.
A channel which connects the pharynx with the main stomach.
A structure which is present on the frontal part of the body.
A computer file that contains data that are the output of a device or program.
Such activities of a concern which do not appear in its balance sheet.
The finance obtained by a firm, source of which is not indicated in the balance sheet.
Such items which are not shown in the balance sheet.
Day when one is not supposed to work.
One who is not on duty formally.
An illegal act or crime.
One who is guilty of crime.
Which is insulting and hurt sentiments.
Aggressive in pursuing something.
To show willingness for something.
The price which has been offered in an auction.
Paper that provides information for selling shares / securities etc. in the open market.
An amount of money one is prepared to pay for something.
The amount of money which has been asked for selling something.
Something which is being offered.
Proposing an opportunity for appointment.
Such type of activities / areas which are not related to agriculture.
Income which is derived from activities other than farming / agriculture.
Sectors which do not come under agriculture or not regarded as agricultural activities.
A place where business work is transacted.
A government department.
Conveying consent for accepting the offer of office.
A type of allowance paid to employee.
Device or equipments used for office work.
Office automation indicates to the varied computer machinery and software used to digitally create, collect, store, manipulate, and relay office information needed for accomplishing basic tasks and goals.
The buildings and grounds of the office of a university / college etc.
A set of officer buildings.
A copy of the original kept for office use.
Account relating to expenses in connection with offices.
Period during which office funciton.
Work relating to upkeep of office.
A book of rules relating to office.
A written statement for submission.
An official communication in form of written record.
A place used for conducting business relating to issue / despatch of letters / correspondence / articles etc.
A place used for conducting business relating to issue / despatch of letters / correspondence / articles etc.
The office which is the primary source of initiating something / some action.
Office which is made responsible for making payment.
An official position with admissible / benefits as defined in the law in force.
An order issued by the office directing the office staff to do or refrain from doing something.
The land and building in which office is situated.
Account relating to land and buildings of the office.
Amount of premium (relating to insurance etc. policies) of office.
A person who holds a position of authority in an office.
Group of workers deployed in the office.
Which is declared authoritative.
A person who holds a position in an organization, government department etc.
Authorized or belong to a proper authority.
Making arrangement officially to pay off the debt by periodic payment.
A person to whom a property right is transferred in an authoritative manner.
Members belonging to party in power.
Conduct of work in offices.
A position to function with authority assigned.
Communication emanating from a person in office.
Process of exchange of letters between offices / others.
People who work in the office - bureaucracy.
Language used in offices which may be of typical type.
Preliminary calculation which have been made in an authoritative manner.
A formula contained in the pharmacopeia or the national Formulary.
Seats menat for occupying by officials in a hall etc.
Some publication / journal which is published in official way / authority by the government.
Language that has been adopted for official correspondence of the state.
A process of winding up taken up / initiated in official manner.
A person appointed / authorised by the court or creditors to initiate / conduct proceeding required to wind up the business.
Declared authoritatively as office.
This is the rate of exchange on which currency can be exchanged according to exchange control regulations.
A person who is appointed by a court to administer the property of an insolvent or parties involved in law suit.
An official appointed by the court (competent authority) to collect debts or rents from property in dispute.
An authentic report prepared by the office.
Official view taken with reference to something.
An official account of something.
Who is working temporarily in other 's place.
An allowance paid for performing official duty.
Appointment that has been given in other 's place.
Arrangement that has been made against some one not on work.
The status of working in someone 's palce.
The status of working in someone 's palce.
Officiating pay is the pay for performing special duty.
Officiating post is a post of serving as an official.
Promotion that has been given on officiating basis.
The service that is required in place of someone else.
A species name that denotes a plant which was considered to have medicinal or healthful properties.
1. Not connected to the Internet, online service or internal network. 2. Not connected to or not installed in the computer. 3. Not now or not here. In hacker slang, specifically used on Usenet to suggest that a discussion be moved off a public newsgroup to email.
Any operation such as printing, punching, or converting which does not involve the main computer.
Which is not controlled directly.
Any processing which takes place independently of the central processing unit.
A storage device not under control of the central processing unit.
A standby power system designed to provide power to equipment only when commercial power fails.
Any operation device which is not attached to the main computer.
To get rid of shares not performing well in bulk.
Selling at less than the cost price.
An article from a magazine that is printed and circulated separately.
The time of year or a business cycle when there is not much activity.
Something which has a position away from the center.
The process of adjusting that has an opposite effect so that position remain same.
The process of printing in which ink is put onto rollers and paper passes between them to get impression.
An entry which is passed to give opposite effect to a transaction to equalise some account.
The main component of the particular branch or family.
The work or something that relates to the time after the shift is over.
An organisation which has developed / stemmed from a larger organisation.
The banking business which is conducted outside the home country by a bank based abroad.
Projects which are being implemented abroad at some distance from shore.
An ATM which is installed at a place other than the base branch.
The type of close observation which can be conducted in a remote manner without actually visiting the place of work.
The total transactions which have taken place.
The total transactions which have taken place.
Such transactions which do not find place in the books.
Training that is imported at a place other than the place of work.
A statement which is confidential not for making public.
Which has not been placed on record.
Which are readily available for supply / sale in the shop.
Goods which are already made and delivered in ready to use condition.
Sales which have been made for the goods already made and available in shops.
A fungal effect which produces gray powder like substance on plant leaves.
A thick liquid which does not dissolve in water.
A thick stick liquid obtained from petroleum.
A great variety of unctuous combustible substances that do not miscible with water.
A cake made of crushed oilseed 's residue.
Oil extracted from castor seeds.
An account maintained to contribute in deficit of the price realisation of oil.
Seeds from which oil is extracted or obtained.
Heavy amount of profits earned from rise in the price of oil.
A cream rubbed on skin for medical purpose.
A medication preparation that is applied onto the skin.
Expressing agreement.
The amount paid by the government to pensioners who have attained a certain age and fulfil certain criteria.
Pension admissible during old age as defined.
A worm species which belongs to the family of Ancylostoma.
Have the nature or qualities of oil.
Belong to the bony tip of the elbow.
The process of ulna projecting behind the elbow joint.
Process of the ulna that forms the outer bump of the elbow and fits into the fossa of the humerus when the arm is extended.
Derived from oil.
A solution of sulfur trioxide in sulfuric acid which is corrosive in nature.
Oil of an annual herb.
A fixed oil obtained from the ripe fruit of Olea europaea.
A pale amber - color, a rather nauseous taste, and is quite viscid.
A fixed oil expressed from the seed of Sesamum indicum Linne.
Oil of Tigli.
The sense of smell.
Releting the sense of smell.
Connection with the sense of smell.
Relating to the sense of smell.
Loss of the sense of smell.
The enlarged terminal part of each olfactory lobe from which the olfactory nerve originates.
The bulblike distal end of the olfactory lobe where the olfactory nerves begin.
Any of the openings in the cribriform plate of the ethmoid bone, transmitting the olfactory nerves.
Either a lateral or a medial gyrus on each side of the brain by which the olfactory tract communicates with the olfactory area.
A projection of the lower anterior portion of each cerebral hemisphere.
The organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract.
A nervelike, white band composed primarily of nerve fibres originating from the mitral cells and tufted cells of the olfactory bulb.
The vesicle in the embryo that later develops into the olfactory bulb and tract.
A deficiency in the amount of blood in the body or any organ or tissue.
Belong to oligaemia.
A compound which is composed of organic matter and is nutritionally rich.
A combining form or prefix meaning just a few or little.
A deficiency in the amount of amniotic fluid.
A rapid heart rate, especially one above 100 beats per minute in an adult.
Consisting of an atypically small number of cysts.
Dificiency in the total number of red blood cells present in the body.
The presence of fewer than five fingers or toes on a hand or foot.
Abnormal absence of thirst.
Congenital condition in which some of the teeth are missing.
Slight secretion of milk from the mammary glands.
Characteristics which are being produced by very few or a single gene.
These are bees which carry out pollination and feed on limited type of flowering plant species.
Infrequent menstruation defined by a cycle length between 6 weeks and 6 months.
A family composed of organisms which have undergone few form changes.
These are insect group which go through complete metamorphosis.
An organism which feeds on a particular type or limited range of food.
Subnormal intellectual functioning which originates during the developmental period.
An open system where the aquatic insects have upto 2 pair of openings on its surface for respiration
Abnormally infrequent respiration.
A larva having legs attached to the portion between the head and the abdomen.
A firm or ogranisation which control the market price of a product being limited producers.
A situation in trade where production or pricing of commodity is not in the hands of a few.
A situation of limited competition between a small number of sellers or producers.
Slight secretion of saliva.
An abnormal lack of interest in one 's surroundings or relationships.
Decrease in sperm count in the semen.
Fewer sperm than normal.
The state of being oligotrophic.
Decreased urine production.
Abnormally slight or infrequent urination.
Shaped like an olive.
A dense aggregate of small nerve cells arranged in a folded lamina.
A species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae.
Oil pressed from olives.
Gout in the shoulder.
Pain in the shoulder.
Inflammation of the shoulder joint.
Some one appointed to look into and mediate in the public complaints (consumers) against specified authorities in some section like banks, insurance etc.
Belog to a fold of the peritoneum connecting the stomach and the abdominal viscera.
An enclosed collection of liquefied tissue or pus with respect to an omentum or the omenta.
Surgery to remove part or all of the omentum.
Peritonitis that involve the omentum.
The operation of suturing the omentum especially to another organ.
Incision of the omentum.
A sheet of fat which is covered by peritoneum.
The act of not including some that is required.
Something neglected.
Inflammation of the shoulder.
A component of the compound eye in insects.
Something which carries out every two hours.
A loan or borrowed amount that has been obtained for various purposes.
An order relating to transfer entry containing several items.
Something which repeats every one hour.
Activity carried out every morning.
Activity carried out every night.
Feeding on animals and plants.
Organisms which consume both plant as well as animals.
Something related to the hyoid bone.
Operation of the umbilical cord.
An ulcer being formed in the umbilical cord.
Something related to the umbilical cord.
Inflammation of the umblicus and surrounding part..
Swelling of the umbilicus.
Bulging out of an intestine part near the umbilicus
Related to the intestine and belly button.
Something related to the umbilicus and a tissue which intestine.
Swelling due to infection of the umbilical veins.
Blood flow at the umbilicus region.
Bursting of the umbilical cord during child birth.
The point which is connected to the umbilical cord.
The process of removing of the umbilical cord at birth.
A type of system that gathers information by using a hardware device that detects a reflection or an absence of reflection from a card or piece of paper.
The automatic optical sensing of marks recorded on a data medium. Synonymous with mark scanning.
A bill seeking approval in trenches.
The amount of assistance paid partially in installments.
A payment made in partial settlement of an amount outstanding.
Which is required compulsorily.
Preventing ejaculation during sexual intercourse by withdrawing penis.
Excitation of the penis through sexual activities.
Such items which appear in the balance sheet.
To go aboard (on ship etc.).
Visiting some place for work on request.
Payment for visit made on call.
A tax imposed in a final or conclusive manner in one go.
Organisms which have teeth which are movable.
A curved needle shaped tooth found in certain worm species.
Development and growth of tumors.
Something which causes tumor formation.
A doctor who is a specialist in cancer treatment.
A medicinal branch dealing with study, prevention, treatment of tumors.
An act of destroying tumor.
Related to tumour cell destruction.
An inflamation.
A instrument used to check out the change in size of internal organs.
When goods are sent to an agent for selling as per term of agreement.
Development of tumor or tumorous cells.
A production overhead cost that is considered part of cost of production.
Something ralated to tumor formation.
The tumor treatment by cutting or surgery.
On receiving a request for.
A bill of exchange payable on demand.
The rate as which demand bills are discounted.
Who has been assigned a task outside his regular place of work.
Who is performing his duty.
Where only one crop is grown in a year.
A Boolean logic gate used in computer arithmetic.
Sleep walking or sleep associated with night mare.
A mental disturbance associated with dreams.
In digital computers, an address that directly indicates the location of an instruction or some data.
A commission with one person only.
A company which is registered with only two shareholders.
The office which is managed by one single person.
When only one item is being produced to meet the specific order.
Which is burdensome.
A contract which involves heavy obligation.
Such obligation relating to land which may be difficult or expensive to be fulfilled.
Favouring one side in a dispute.
A shop where most of the requirements of customer can be met at one place.
Action which is taken once and finally.
This programe will save in one - time programmable non - volatile memory.
An agreement or payment made once for settling the matter.
An assembly program which produces a single instruction in machine language for each statement in the source language. Also known as one - to - one translator.
In a graph one member corresponding with another directly.
A classification which has not been done by involving others or which is arbitrary.
Allowing traffic to move in one direction only.
Schemes / projects which are in the process of implementation or continuing.
Projects on which work is in progress.
An urge to buy all sort of articles.
A plant grown for its aromatic flavoured vegetable.
The process under which borrowed funds are used for lending further to someone else.
A system of communication connected with a centralised computer and authorised people at large can make use of it instantly.
The type of banking under which number of banking transactions are conducted with the help of computers which is connected / linked to the bank.
Lines (routes) that carry inward / outward communication connected with centralised computer.
When something (property etc.) has been given to someone as security for obtaining loan.
When some option of choice is available.
When something is routed through the account belonging to oneself.
Such sales which are effected on cash payment basis and not on credit.
Who has been appointed for trial period.
Who has been appointed for a period on trial basis.
beginning
Activities which are being carried out on the land that is adjoining sea.
Areas where oil is extracted and which are situated on the land that adjoins sea.
The ATM which is installed at the branch premises.
Who has been entrusted special duties to perform.
Something which is constantly available as and when desired.
The stock which is available for sale constantly to the public.
With payment to be made later.
Something across the face of the instrument.
Process of importing training while assiging regular work duty.
When the knowledge or skill is acquired while associating with a job or by doing it actually.
Growth of an organisms from an egg which is fertilised to being totally matures.
Development of an embryo to an adult.
Information of the development of a particular organism.
Responsibility or burden (to prove something).
The responsibility of proving something acceptable.
To send or move something forward.
Hurting in the toe or finger nails.
An underdevelped nail.
An act of removing nail surgically.
Swelling of the tissue connecting the nail.
Swelling of the finger or toe nail.
The inner growth of the finger or toe nail.
Expanding of nail causing thickness and curving.
Similar in structure and form of the nail.
Tearing of the nail from its connective tissue.
A cancer seen in the nailbed.
Infection of nails which is fungal in nature.
A disease related to the nail.
Bitting of nails by a person on a regular basis and developing into a habit.
A surgery carried out on the nail connective tissue inorder to correct faults.
Surgery carried out on the nail bed.
Pus like material present in the frontal eye chamber.
The edges of the nail being inserted inside the flesh.
A pouch having a parasitic cell which is fertilized.
Formation of an ovum through the process of meiosis.
A cell in female which undergoes the process of meiosis.
A female ovarian egg which is immature.
Having a small movable male reproductive cell and a larger female gamete.
Fusion of male and female gametes.
The birth and development stage of the ovum.
A process which leads to the production of ova.
The process by which female sexual organs are formed.
A developing ovum which produces eggs.
Cell of female organism which give rise to oocytes.
A reproductive algae cell which gives birth to eggs.
Egg cell of the female fungi.
A zygote capable of moving and present as a malaria parasite in mosquitoes.
A fungi hat is not photosynthetic and reproduces by formation of oospores.
A type of programming in which programmers define not only the data type of a data structure, but also the types of operations (functions) that can be applied to the data structure. Fullform is "Object - oriented programming".
Excision of ovary.
Physical discomfort in the ovary.
An operation carried out to remove the ovaries.
Swelling of the female reproductive organ, ovary.
The removal of the sac like structure of the ovary through surgery.
A cancer developed in the ovary.
A mental pain associated with a disease of the ovary.
Female reproductive organ, ovary.
Fixing of the tampered ovary through surgery.
A plastic surgery carried out on a ovary.
Matter that surrounds the egg of the ovaries
A irregular shaped mass of granules found in the egg.
A ovum which is fertilized.
A female egg which is reday to get fertilised by the male cell.
A female cell which is fertilized and formed from the oosphere.
A sac of eggs seen in insects such as cockroaches.
A partly matured ovum which is formed at the end of the first division and at the initiation of the second.
exudation of fluid..
Leakage of a viscous, usually offensively dirty substance
Non transperent, impervious to light.
A tissue which does not allow light to pass through it.
Something which does not allow the passage of light.
A barium soltion which is opaque
Not closed,
Not covered, exposed.
A method of trading in internation trade where goods are sent directly to the buyer awaiting payment reposing trust.
A method of collision resolution in which all items are stored within the hash table. Also called "closed hashing".
An advertisement which is open to all.
An open circulatory system.
Known person having any disease
A mine where surface layer is removed and mining work is done from the above.
A cheque which is without any crossing and payable on demand at the counter.
The communication in which one and all can have access.
The test which is of competitive nature when opened to all to participate in it.
A cover of insurance which is not tied to one risk but covers a broad area.
Where the lender has not obtained any specific security against the loan advanced.
Where the ticket purchaser has a choice to use the ticket on a date of his choice in future.
A day or time when an organisational / school allows any one to come and see the work done there.
Delivery which is not wrapped or covered.
Discussions in which all (public) can participate.
A dislocation worsened by the formation of wound forming on the surface and extending upto the joint which is affected.
A trade policy without any restrictions.
Where people have free / easy access.
Economy where there are no rules that limit or restraint the economic activity.
Deposits which have no predetermined date of maturity and are in a continued form.
Such schemes which have no ending time.
A type of mortgage which permits the mortgagee to borrow additional money under the same mortgage with certain conditions.
Start discharge a fire arm.
The shooting of fire - arms.
A licence which does not contain specific limit for any transaction.
A surgery where the heart in stopped for some time and the pumping operation is carried out by a machine.
An order of goods which does not indicate expiry time.
When it has become difficult to check the growing inflation.
Beginning of something.
A structure having an open space.
When a crossing already done on a cheque / instrument is cancelled.
A balance in an account at the begginning of a trading period (may be debit or credit).
The cash in hand at the time of opening of the working day.
The cash in hand at the time of opening of the working day.
Entry of the initial part.
Timings during which business can be transacted.
The process of establishing a relationship between the bank and customer.
The price of a stock on which it is first traded after opening of the market.
The price that can be realised for a stock at the time of opening of the share market.
Such rate of interest for which no predetermined rate has been decided nor any limit is fixed.
The process of acquiring knowledge in open manner.
A letter addressed to a particular individual and made public.
A standard commercial letter of credit issued by a bank issued primarily in trade finance for providing irrevocable payment guarantee.
An unrestricted market with free competition of buyers and sellers.
The process under which RBI buys and sells government securities including treasury bills.
Policy that promotes the idea of a market where prices are decided solely by supply and demand.
When auction is conducted through an open manner by reaching an agreement after discussions.
Order of goods etc. which has no expiring time or limit.
An office having large undivided rooms.
With reference to money / share market where any purchase or sale has not been covered by an institution.
With reference to money / share market where any purchase or sale has not been covered by an institution.
When a limit or range is fixed for taking risk in share market in sale or purchase.
Such price which is quoted for a deal when market opens.
A school open to those without formal education or a school where teaching is done mainly by means of radio / TV / computer networking in homes.
A supposed secret which is known to everybody.
A formal meeting of people (generally legislature).
Where the rules for international aviation market operate with minimum government intervention.
An empty area.
A system in which wide dissemination of information and freedom is available.
An ISO standard for worldwide communications that defines a framework for implementing protocols in seven layers.
Communications system architecture that adheres to the set of ISO standards relating to open systems architecture.
Tender which is not sealed or wrapped.
When a limit to buy at a particular price has been given to the broker in share market.
Training that is imported in an informal manner.
A university that teaches mainly by correspondence / computer network etc.
A conductor supported above the ground, separate from other conductors.
A line in which a conductor supported above the ground, separate from other conductors.
The part of a machine instruction that references data or a peripheral device.
The operand field supplies the arguments to the machine instruction, assembler directive, or macro.
Length of an operand or operands.
To keep in a functional state.
The capital which is deployed and participating in the business.
The expenses which are incurred in connection with functioning effectively.
Expenditure incurred on operation of a venture.
The limits or band within which operations can be carried out.
The amount by which the sales income exceeds the cost of goods and related operating expenses.
The ratio with reference to something at which it is being used.
Staff who handle / manage something.
Amount that is left after meeting the operating expenses etc.
The computer 's master control program.
Eight functions of an Operating system are: 1. to interprate the commands executed by the user. 2. to handle disk input / output settings. 3. loaded in the memory at bootup and remain in the memory at all time. 4. to provid the OS with the machanism in order to see the additional memory. 5. used to access the high memory area. 6. allows the rest of the OS and its programs to interact directly with the system hardware and the system BIOS. 7. sets particular values corresponding to the windows environment. 8. used to run particular programs during startup.
An act of surgery performed on patient.
An act of operating.
Method or process of operating.
A surgery carried out on human body using instruments inorder to treat something.
Any surgical procedure.
An action resulting from a single instruction.
An action resulting from a single instruction.
An agreement relating to operation.
Bank involved in operational matters.
Hinderances being faced in running a work or conducting some job.
A budget which is available to be used.
Something that restrains smooth conduct of work.
The cost which are incurred in production other than the financial cost.
The condition of operations which is working well and without wastage.
Expresses relating to an operation.
The prominent characteristics of the methods of operation.
The methods of operations which can be adjusted according to requirement of the situation.
Planning with reference to operation.
The cause of action adopted for conducting operations.
Applying scientific principles to business management.
The final outcome of operations of a business etc.
construction work connected with making operational.
A signal used for running some process.
The portion of a memory cycle required to perform an operation.
A device that examines the operation contained in an instruction of a computer program and sends signals to the circuits required to carry out the operation.
The field of a computer instruction that specifies the operation to be performed. Also called "function field", "operation part".
This is the revolution in production of milk and milk products in India after independence within the short period.
The state of being active without delay.
The situation when the process of law takes its own course.
When transaction take place on the stock earmarked as reserve.
Keeping the account in running and operating position by making transactions in it.
The study of statistical methods, such as linear programming and simulation, in order to analyze and solve organizational problems. Same as management science.
A general assessment of methods of working.
Table for the operative procedure.
A place in the hospital where operation is done.
Which is in operation or effective state.
Something related, involved or resulted from operation.
Something related to operation.
Outcome of a surgical operation.
An account which has a continuous flow transactions.
A person who carries out surgical operation.
The term generally used in share market for those who are active in speculative transactions or buy and sell shares.
A covering resembling a lid cover in the human brain.
A covering lidlike part of the brain.
A cap like structure formed in plants which later opens up to expose the reproductive organs.
A structure present in plants which functions as a lid or covering.
Physical discomfort in the eye ball.
Swelling of the eye components or membranes.
Something referred to an eye.
Pertaining to the eye.
Something related to the eye.
The vein which is responsible to drain the eye.
Swelling in the eye ball.
Related to eye ball or eye.
Abnormal sticking out of the eye ball.
tiredness of the eye.
An optical instrument to measure blood pressure in veins of retina.
A process of using an instrument ot measure retinal blood pressure.
Strong physical discomfort in the eye.
An instrument used to measure eye movement during reading.
Information of the eye and the disease associated with it.
A formation of a mass or stone like matter in ducts.
A lump being formed in the tear producing passage.
The qualified Doctor in opthalmology
A doctor who is a specialist in ophthalmologist.
A medicinal branch dealing with the structure, pathology, functions and diagonisis of the eye.
A condition where the eye ball tends to get abmormally soft.
An instrument used for carrying out diagonisis on eye.
A study carried out on the eye to check out its defects such as refractive power.
Swelling of the eye muscles.
An act of carrying out surgery on eye to separate the eye muscles.
An eye disease.
Is an instrument used to measure the lens refractive value.
A plastic surgery carried out on the eye or eye surroundings.
Paralysis of the muscles controling the eye.
Paralysis of the external eye related muscles.
Paralysis of the eyelash apparatus and the iris.
A complete muscle paralysis of the eye.
A curve being observed in the eye ball.
Eye related bleeding.
Tearing of the eye ball.
Means eye in greek.
A device for studying the interior of the eyeball through the pupil.
An instrument with mirrors and lenses used to observe the inside of an eye.
Examination of the interier of the eye with the help of an opthalmoscopy.
Observation of the eye inside via the pupil using opthalmoscope.
A drug or medicine being prepared from opium.
judgement of specialist.
Gathering of views generally prevalent on some specific matters.
A condition of being addicted to opium.
The place at the center of the rear margin of the great foramen.
The uterus of the worm which is positioned at the end.
Having jaws which move back slowly.
The inferior of the three elements comprising the inner eye protecting bone.
An act where the body leans backwards and tends to be stiff.
Dried juice of the opium poppy.
strongly narcotic drug prepared from the dried juice of unripe pods of the opium poppy
Drug obtained from the opium poppy seeds.
Addcited to opium.
A plant which is grown commercially for its narcotic seed extract.
An old name of balm of Gilead.
A medicinal liquid prepared by moxing 3 parts of soap with 16 parts of rosemary spiritand finally 1 part of camphor.
Extracts from animal glands used in the treatment of disease an illness.
A favourable time to act.
A good chance or favourable occasion.
It defines cost in terms of the value of the alternatives or other opportunities which have been forgone in order to achieve a particular object.
Something which is located face to face with each other.
The state of being in resistance.
A group of party of opponents.
Mental pressure on account of bad conditions, anger tensions etc.
Visual perception to light.
Inflammation of the eye.
Releting to the vision.
Releting to the eye.
Related to vision, ocular.
An imperfect image formed by light when passed through lens.
The branch of character recognition concerned with the automatic identification of handwritten or printed characters by any of various photoelectric methods. Also known as electrooptical character recognition.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
A plastic or glass (silicon dioxide) fibre no thicker than a human hair used to transmit data.
A plastic or glass (silicon dioxide) fibre no thicker than a human hair used to transmit data.
A special type font whose characters are designed to be easily read by both people and OCR machines.
An image produced by using lenses or glasses.
A device that transfers a signal optically between two electronic circuits, isolating them from each other.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
A type of system that gathers information by using a hardware device that detects a reflection or an absence of reflection from a card or piece of paper.
A type of system that gathers information by using a hardware device that detects a reflection or an absence of reflection from a card or piece of paper.
The automatic optical sensing of marks recorded on a data medium. Synonymous with mark scanning.
Memory stored in a optical medium such as a CD - ROM, and read with a laser beam.
An input device that recognizes typewritten or printed characters and bar codes and converts them into their corresponding digital codes.
An input device that recognizes typewritten or printed characters and bar codes and converts them into their corresponding digital codes.
A device that converts printed images and text into digital information that can be stored as a computer file and processed by graphics software.
A device that converts printed images and text into digital information that can be stored as a computer file and processed by graphics software.
The process of interpreting data in printed, handwritten, bar - code, or other visual form by a device (optical scanner or reader) that scans and identifies the data.
The process of interpreting data in printed, handwritten, bar - code, or other visual form by a device (optical scanner or reader) that scans and identifies the data.
A substance used on eye to causes a bodily loss of sensation.
Atrophy of the optic nerve.
A place or hospital dealing with eye related problems.
The point at which the optic nerves of the two eyes meet in the brain.
An oval area at the back of the retina.
Part of entry of the optic nerve into the retina.
A part which opens into the optic canal.
A maker of or dealer in optical instruments and items.
A person who rectifies the vision problem using lenses.
Transplantation carried out of the cornea to rectify visual problems.
A part in the brain which does the processing of the information sent by the eye.
Nerves which transmit image from the retina to the brain portion.
Swelling of the optic neuron causing visual disturbances.
Radiation of the nerves related to visual function.
A branch of science carrying out studies related to characteristics of light.
A mass which is present on the rear side portion of the thalamus which pass on the retinal signals to the brain.
The ocular system present in the brain.
To set apart for a purpose in a most desirable manner.
The consumption which gives maximum utility without wastage.
The frame of price fixation which is most desirable in the given circumstances.
I am going to generate another program through optimisation.
Somebody who always expects a better outcome or is always positive.
A series of operations that can be performed periodically to keep a computer in optimum shape. It is done by running a maintenance check, scanning for viruses, and defragmenting the hard disk.
A condition at its best and highly favouring.
The situation where balance between opposite factors is in the state of maximum equality.
A position at a scale which is most favourable or advantages.
The quantum of production which is most advantageous.
The best suitable temperature to carry out a particular operation or act.
The most advantageous use of something.
Where one has freedom to choose.
Which is not obligatory but left to personal choice.
The gain which does not come the normal way but has to be opted.
The gain which does not come the normal way but has to be opted.
The bond which is maturing at a specified date but can be redeemed after a designated date earlier at the option of the company.
When an option is available to the shareholder to take dividend either cash or in stock form.
A halt instruction that can cause a computer program to stop either before or after the instruction is obeyed if certain criteria are met. Also known as "optional stop instruction" or "optional pause instruction".
Currency which can be choosed.
A halt instruction that can cause a computer program to stop either before or after the instruction is obeyed if certain criteria are met. Also known as "optional halt instruction" or "optional stop instruction".
A halt instruction that can cause a computer program to stop either before or after the instruction is obeyed if certain criteria are met. Also known as "optional halt instruction" or "optional pause instruction".
Listing of options.
A contract that gives the holder right to buy or sell certain number of share at a specified price within a given period.
The market where option deals are conducted which is not as competitive as the share market.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
Refers to devices that function due to the interaction of light and electronics.
Refers to devices that function due to the interaction of light and electronics.
Refers to technology where the function due to the interaction of light and electronics.
Refers to technology where the function due to the interaction of light and electronics.
A device that transfers a signal optically between two electronic circuits, isolating them from each other.
A device that transfers a signal optically between two electronic circuits, isolating them from each other.
Instrument used to measure the eye refraction value.
A doctor who treats eye problem using optical aids.
Instrument used to chack out the power of eye muscles.
A group which is composed of cactus.
A Boolean logic operation that is true if any of the inputs is true.
A border.
Spoken and not written.
Something related to mouth.
Releting to the mouth.
Confession which is verbal.
The opening at the mouth of an organism.
To give one 's consent by spoken words.
Cavity of the mouth.
Exchange of views done verbally.
Medicine taken through mouth inorder to prevent pregnancy.
Verbal presentation before a court prove or disprove something.
Oral information presented in a law court.
Guarantee which has been given by oral / spoken words.
Mainting clean mouth by cleaning and maintining it properly to keep it free from diseases.
Directions which have been issued in spoken words and not in writing.
By way of spoken words.
A proocess of making open the mouth of an organism.
A command that is given in spoken words and not in writing.
Such agriculturist who has been given land for tilling on oral lease.
A dentistry branch which deals with the oral surgical treatment.
Temperature in the mouth.
Pesticides or organisms which can cause harm when ingested.
Admonishing verbally.
A reddish yellow fruit.
Something round or spherical.
Something which is circular or spherical.
Muscles present on the border of the opening.
The bony cavities of the eye.
A bony hollow structure which houses the eyeballs, nerves, muscles.
Something related to an orbit.
A conditon where eye surrounding tissues are infected by a small degree.
A structure in the cerebrum which has non uniform convolutions.
A device used to measure the preasure of the eye. intraorbit
A study related to orbitonometer.
A cutting made in the eye socket.
An area where fruit trees are grown or where other trees for taking crops like tea etc. are planted.
Discomfort in the testis.
Flowers of plant belonging to the orchid family and having beautifull colors.
The process of surgical excision of one or both testes.
A surgery carried out to remove testes.
Of or relating to inflammatory condition of the testis.
A Boolean logic circuit used in computer arithmetic.
Command given by someone by authority.
Situation of well organised condition.
A logical arrangement of things.
A division, subdivision of family various organisms.
A bill which is payable to a specified person or to his order.
A book in which traders enter orders.
An ORDER BY clause in SQL specifies that a SQL SELECT statement returns a result set with the rows being sorted by the values of one or more columns.
A cheque payable to a named person or to his or her order.
In mathematics, a pair of elements x and y from a set, written (x, y), where x is distinguished as first and y as second.
The order which states specified number of amount.
In data structure, a tree where the children of every node are ordered.
Which has been arranged methodically.
The system of selling goods / services which is well organised / arranged.
Pertaining to a hospital attendant whose job consists of assisting medical and nursing staff with various nursing and medical interventions.
The bill of lading which has been made order to the title of goods.
An authoritative direction regarding not to make payment.
An order in writing that confirms the appointment.
Sequencing arrangement that authorises allocation of money from a special fund to be used for special purposes.
An order conveying the act of rejecting.
The act of removing from a position, office or employment.
A list prepared in order of performance (the best one securing highest rating first and so on).
A order regarding temporary suspension of payments.
The right of precedings others.
Arrangement of things according to need of prior * * * * * *.
Following arrangement according to length of service.
An order debarring someone from office.
An order shifting someone from one place to another.
Order that has a permanent status of application.
Confirms or maintain the order (already passed).
Defining use of a thing in order of series.
Order issued by head of the state (which may later be converted into law).
A person who is residing in India as defined by law.
An order to come (appear) issued in a usual manner.
A debt instrument which is not backed by collaterals.
A mathematical method of modelling the relationship among three or more variables.
One who enjoys membership of an organisation as an ordinary person and not in the capacity of office bearer.
A mortgage created to finance the purchase of real estate.
Shares entitling holders to vote and to receive dividends from net profit.
Factory that manufactures weapons, ammunitions etc. for military purpose.
Solid material from which metal etc. is extracted.
A differentiated part of the body that performs a specific function.
A structure in a cell which is being given a particular task to be carried out.
Of, relating to, or derived from living organisms.
Seperation of organic compounds into its elements.
Chemistry of organoc i. e. Carbon containing compounds.
A disease of the body or its organs.
The fertilizer made from animal or vegetable matter.
Substances containing carbon compounds derived from decomposed plant or animal products.
Pertaining to something that has been organized or made into an ordered whole.
Study and analysis of the structure of an organisation, its functioning style, systems and procedures for suggesting improvement.
The act of planning and arranging things and evolving a way of doing things systematically or the study to analyse the structure of the organisation.
The system of organising according to type of work being performed by each unit.
When the entity is organised according to areas assigned to them (geographically).
An organised group of industries for having a platform.
A voluntary organisation of petroleum exporting countries.
An organisation established under some Act etc. where business transaction take place for commodities / shares etc.
The labour force which has organised for collective bargaining or serving interest of the labour class.
The process of marketing which is functioning in a systematic manner.
The sector of activity which is organised in a systematic manner by writing themselves to protect their interest.
One who organises.
An individual form of life, such as a plant, animal, bacterium, protist, or fungus.
Act of organising / arranging.
The prevailing trend of public feeling about the organisation.
General atmosphere that prevails in the organisation.
It refers to information technology that is used by people to accomplish a specified organizational or individual objective.
The framework (basic system) of the organisation.
Structure, functioning style, procedures etc. relating to an organisation.
Displaying information in a chart in respect of the organisation, its functioning etc.
Presenting organisational outline and functioning of an organisation in form of a chart.
A system in organisational structure where a small number of people have power over larger number of people.
Set of rules / statements which influences governing of organisation.
To arrange in a systematic way.
One who organises.
A group of people who help organising something.
One who looks after administrative work relating to the organisation.
A pesticide which is being prepared and mainly composed of chlorine.
A pesticide which is mainly composed of phospate and highly affects the insect nervous system.
A Boolean logic gate used in computer arithmetic.
Concerning or relating to east.
Adjustment in relation to circumstances.
An act of positioning something in a particular way or direction.
A course that enables people to adjust themselves according to circumstances.
A training programme which helps oneself adjust to the new situations.
Which is in a specific direction (focussed).
An opening or aperture, especially to a cavity or passage of the body.
An opening or aperture, especially to a cavity or passage of the body.
The place or region at which something begins or rises or from which it derives.
The place or region at which something begins or rises or from which it derives.
Which is produced by the writer and not a copy.
Which is the first form of something.
Existing or happening first.
Belonging or pertaining to the origin or beginning of something.
Which has been prepared first time and not imitative.
Cost occuring in the beginning.
Initial amount of credit.
The first entry which has been made for reflecting debit or credit.
Legal contract executed first time bearing original signature of all concerned and not copies.
The department which was formed in the beginning.
Documents which were made for the first time and not copied one.
Writing down of an item in record books for the first time.
Which has been calculated roughly for the first time.
Something that has been submitted before the court to prove a claim at the initial stage in original form.
Amount of subsidy granted initially.
Such stock which is available for sale at the initial stage.
The official power that can be exercised within a particular sphere of activity / case as the first or direct.
Member who was enrolled initially.
The process which has been followed to acquire something initially.
One who owns something since very beginning.
The person who has initially / originally pledged something.
The original legal contract for transfering ownership rights in land / property.
Legal documents executed for sale of property etc. in original form.
Items of construction work taken up initially for the first time.
The bank which has promoted the idea of something or doing some work.
Such entry which is the first in the series followed by other entries.
Factory where the product is made initially.
The primary source capital from where it is being received.
A outer waxy coating present on the surface of leaves or stem which gives it a decorative effect.
Pertaining to sexual stimulation through the contact of one 's mouth with his / her partner' s gential organ.
Sexual activities concerned with contact of sexual organs with mouth.
Treatment of a disease using serum from organisms.
A residential institute for care of orphans.
A dentistry branch which corrects teeth problems.
A dental study on checking and rectifying teeth irregularities.
A qualified professional who is capable of perfoming dentistry.
A doctor who is a bone, joint specialist.
The branch of medicine that deals with the prevention and correction of injuries or disorders of the skeletal system and associated muscles, joints, and ligaments, often by surgery.
A medicinal branch dealing into the bone, skeletal related problems.
A doctor who is a specialist in skeletal, bone problems.
A surgery specialist who is trained to check and correct bone or skeleton related problems.
A special device to support or help weak joints work better and aid movement.
A stable situation of the ocular muscles.
A condition where the eye alignment is perfect.
Problem in breathing that is only because of irregular posture, and corrected with proper posture.
Discomfort in breathing that is relieved by sitting or standing in an erect position.
A group of inscts which iscomposed of grasshoppers, crickets etc.
Related to proper or erect posture supported by feet..
An arrangement of leaves along the vertical axis of the stem.
A study related to the use of braces in supporting bones.
A doctor specialist in orthotics and its use on humans.
A disease caused by the bacteria causing pain during muscle contraction.
Grwoth that occurs in a straight direction and having the micropyle exactly opposite to the stalk of the plant.
It means the left eye.
Pertaining to a bone.
A bony component of the skeleton.
An opening rsembling a mouth.
The bone present in the heel of the foot.
Ulcer being formed in the mouth.
Something related to the scrotum.
Swelling of the scrotum.
Inflamation of the scrotum.
Scrotum being infected by cancer.
A Plastic surgery carried out on the male scrotum.
The state of being oscillated.
The repetitive variation.
An apparatus for measuring oscillations, especially those of the bloodstream.
The measurement of oscillations by means of an oscillometer.
The act of yawning.
The muscle associated with the pelvis.
A flat irregular bone structure formed by the ilium, pubis and the ischium.
The act of kissing.
A small mouthlike aperture.
Also called as the thigh bone.
Bone present between the pelvis and the knee.
A bone which forms the front part of the skull housing the brain.
The bone between the shoulder and the elbow.
A bone resembling a horseshoe and present in the mid neck.
An ISO standard for worldwide communications that defines a framework for implementing protocols in seven layers.
Communications system architecture that adheres to the set of ISO standards relating to open systems architecture.
A bone which has no particular name.
Part of the hipbone present at the basal portion of the ilium.
The science that deals with smells and the olfactory sense.
A lustrous, silvery metal.
The measure of solute concentration.
A device for measuring the osmotic strength of a solution.
An instrument for measuring osmotic pressure.
A process of controlling and regulationg the osmotic pressure of living organisms.
Diffusion of fluid through a semipermeable membrane from a region of higher concentration to a region of lower concentration thereby maintaining equal concentration on both sides of the membrane.
The movement of water molecules from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration.
The process by which the water molecules seep through a membrane.
A collection of the modified tissues of intestine.
Belong to nature of osmosis.
The pressure exerted by the flow of water through a semipermeable membrane.
A pressure that has to be applied to the solvent inorder to prevent it from seeping through the thin membrane.
The study of odors and the sense of smell.
Component of the hipbone and forming the anterior part of the pelvis.
Of or relating to bone.
Consisting of bone.
Cavity in the petrous part of the temporal bone.
Bone tissue.
One of the three bones of the middle ear that transmits sound from the tympanic membrane to the oval window.
Any small bone.
Containing bones, esp. fossil bones.
The process of bone formation.
The process of the synthesis of bone from cartilage.
Of or referring to the point where ossification begins or starts.
Weakening of bones.
To convert into bone.
Bone.
Pain in bones.
Surgical removal of a bone.
Inflammation of bone or bony tissue.
A general term for inflammation of bone.
A chronic bone disorder that typically results in enlarged and deformed bones.
Bones present on the skull base and which houses the inner ear.
Suppuration in bone.
Concealing the real - falsely claiming to be something.
Such means of living which seems to open but actually they may not be.
One who seems to be projected as owner but he may not be so in effect.
The huge amount of expenditure made to show people falsely how prosperous one is.
Combining form which meant by bone.
A form of arthritis, occurring mainly in older persons, that is characterized by chronic degeneration of the cartilage of the joints.
The most common form of arthritis.
Any disease of the bones and joints.
Surgical removal of the joint end of a bone.
A cell that makes bone.
Relating to the osteoblasts.
A benign, bone - forming tumor.
Curvature of a bone.
A painful condition where the cartilage and bone in a joint is inflamed.
Osteochondrosis of the capitular epiphysis of the femur.
An abnormal, solitary and benign growth of bone and cartilage.
Destruction and reabsorption of bone tissue.
A cell that nibbles at and breaks down bone.
Large multinucleate cells in bone that absorb or break down bony tissue.
Bone tumour that found at the end of long bones in the knee region.
Pain in the bones.
A cell of bone that is present in the matrix of bone tissue.
A branched cell present in the matrix of bone tissue.
Pain in a bone.
Defective ossification of bone that disturbed calcium and phosphorus metabolism.
A benign bone tumor.
Fibrosis of bone.
The substance forming the inner layer of the periosteum.
The process of laying down new bone material due to cells called osteoblasts.
Characteristic of osteogenesis.
The description of bones.
Rsembling bone.
The unmineralized and organic portion of the bone matrix.
The branch of anatomy dealing with the study of the structure and function of bones.
The branch of anatomy dealing with the skeleton.
Degeneration of bone tissue through disease.
Belong o the dissolution of bone.
A type of benign tumor, typically formed by abnormal growth of bones.
A bone disease characterized by softening of bones due to deficiency or impaired metabolism of vitamin D or calcium or phosphates.
A disease in which the bones become soft and weak.
A pelvic deformity in osteomalacia where the pressure of the trunk on the sacrum and lateral pressure of the femoral heads produce a three - cornered pelvic aperture while the pubic bone becomes beak - shaped.
Inflammation of bone and bone marrow caused by bacterial infection.
A bone infection often caused by bacteria called as Staphylococcus aureus.
Blood supply get loosened that cause collapse, leading to pain and arthritis.
Neuralgia of a bone.
An practice of healthcare that relates the role of the musculoskeletal system in health and disease.
Belong to osteopath.
A scientific adjustment by mechanical manipulations of the joints, muscles, tissues and viscera.
Inflammation of a bone and its periosteum.
Abnormally thickening of the bones.
Protrusions of bone and cartilage that develop in areas of a degenerating joint.
In relation with osteoplasty.
Surgical resection of bony structures to form.
An inherited condition which include the bones that are mottled.
An abnormal condition of bones characterized by decrease in bone mass and density, seen especially in postmenopausal women.
A disease characterized by low bone mass and structural deterioration of bone tissue.
A rare hereditary condition in which abnormal connective tissue development results in fragile bones subject to fracture.
The surgical suturing or joining of fragments of broken bone.
A cancer of the bone.
An abnormal condition of bones characterized by hardening of bone or bone marrow.
Abnormal hardening of bone.
A surgical instrument for cutting or dividing bone.
A urgical instrument for cutting bone.
A surgical operation of dividing a bone or cutting out a piece of bone.
Surgical division or cutting into sections of bone.
Suffix that means bone.
The mouth opening in regard to uterus.
A small opening or orifice in a body organ.
An opening.
Minute openings present on a spongy material.
The opening of the Fallopian tube into the abdominal cavity.
An opening which is for the purpose of mating.
It forms the upper border of the superior compartment of the FSDP.
An opening between the two embryonic atria of the heart.
A foramen in the septum primum.
The narrowest portion of the canal to the urethral orifice.
Resembling like a bone.
A strategy of ignoring potential problems on the basis that they may be exceedingly rare.
A strategy of ignoring potential problems on the basis that they may be exceedingly rare.
Stiff body structure which is composed of keratin.
The part of the uterus opening into the vagina.
The part which connects the vagina and the uterus.
Pain in the ear.
Suppuration of the external meatus of the ear.
A category curved out as those being backward in the society set - up.
Of or relating to the ear.
Belong to ear.
A ganglion located medial to the mandibular nerve.
Inflammation in the ear.
Pertaining to an inflammatory condition of the ear.
Infection of the ear.
An infection of the external auditory canal.
Inflammation in the inner ear.
An infection or inflammation of the middle ear.
The structure that is formed by invagination of the embryonic ectodermal tissue into the inner ear.
Pain in relation with the ear.
Pain that originate within the ear.
A description of the ear for study.
A structure in the saccule or utricle of the inner ear.
Membrane that follow the otolith.
Belong to the branch of medicine and study that deals with the ear.
A specialist who deals with the ear and its diseases.
A physician who specializes in the ear and its related diseases.
The branch of medicine that deals with the ear and its diseases.
The branch of medicine which concerned mainly with the ear
A chronic and superficial fungal infection occur in the external auditory canal.
An aural tumor.
A disease of the ear.
A cosmetic surgery to change the appearance of external ears.
A polyp in the external auditory canal.
The branch of medicine that deals with the anatomy, function, and diseases of the ear, nose, and throat.
Bleeding caused from the external auditory canal of the ear.
Any type discharge coming out from the ear.
A discharge from the ear.
The abnormal growth of bone of the middle ear.
An instrument for examining the interior of the ear.
An instrument for examining the interior parts of the ear.
Examination of the ear by an otoscope.
Incision of the ear.
This programe will save in OTP NVM.
The fluid flowing from the ear.
A unit of apothecary weight that is equal to 310 grams.
Such receipts which are being received from outside.
Outbreak is a sudden violent expression.
Outbreak is a situation of public disturbance.
Outbreak is a sudden beginning of an event.
Outbreak is a sudden beginning of an event.
Of or relating to sudden occurrence of a disaster or illness.
A recurring education reform model. It is a student - centered learning philosophy that focuses on empirically measuring student performance, which are called outcomes. It 's implementations often incorporate a host of many progressive pedagogical models and ideas. In this method, students demonstrate their learned required skills and content. Also called "Achievement - Based Education" or "Performance - Based Education".
A cheque which is stale i. e. being received for payment after 6 months from the date of issue.
A patient who is admitted to a hospital or clinic for treatment that does not require an overnight stay.
Outdoor patient department is a department of hospital where patients receive diagnoses and discharged in daytime.
Pertaining to external or exterior of something.
Pertaining to external or exterior of something.
Located on the outside of anything.
The outer corner of the eye.
The thich membrane covering present on the seed surface.
A less commonly used variant of the inner join relational database operation.
An assemblage of articles that equip a person for a particular task, role, trade, etc.
An assemblage of articles that equip a person for a particular task, role, trade, etc.
Outfit Allowance is a sum which is given by a company for official tours.
Outfit Allowance is a sum which is given by a company for official tours.
The amount that flows out.
Expenditure of money.
Expenditure of money.
Outgoing means retiring from a position or office.
Such amount of money which is being remitted to some place.
Outgoing file is a file which is ready to proceed for further proceedings.
Outgoing file is a file which is ready to proceed for further proceedings.
Such files which are meant for onward forwarding for orders or other action.
A partner of the firm who is leaving the firm for any reason.
The amount of money that goes out by way of grant of assistance.
A growth that is being observed of something or something.
Out - house is a small and enclosed structure away from a main building which is used for variety of purposes.
Outlay means spending an amount to produce something.
The amount that one has to spent on something / business etc. activity.
A sketch or drawing prepared for something.
A sketch or drawing prepared for something.
The amount of money required to be spent for some activity.
Outlet is a vent or passage for exit.
Outlet is a place of business for retailing goods.
A passage for exit.
A passage or vent for letting something out.
A passage or vent for letting something out.
Outline is a line by which a figure or object is defined.
A line depicting the shape of a particular object or thing.
Outlook is a point of view or an attitude.
Outlying areas are relatively distant or remote from a particular town or region.
A settlement of dispute by parties not involving court.
Which is no longer useful being old fashioned.
Which is no longer useful being old fashioned.
Which is not working properly.
Such amount that has become payable immediately.
The small amount of money spent on miscellaneous jobs by a an employee who may get back.
Amount granted to meet miscellaneous expenses.
Which is not available in the published form.
Which is not in a stock.
Violating the right of other 's to do something in agreed order.
Allotment made by ignoring the agreed order.
Promotion by ignoring the rights of others to get promotion in agreed order.
When there is no work to do - not employed.
When some allowance is paid for not being given work.
Permission card for going out.
a patient who visits hospital or clinic for treatment without any hospitalization
A patient who is not hospitalized but cared elsewhere.
Hospital based services provided to a nonadmitted Patient.
Posting someone away from his own place.
A subsidiary port generally attached to the main port.
Outpost is a military post stationed at a distance from the main body of troops.
Output means the act or process of producing.
Output is the result of production process.
The act production.
The work done during a given time.
A part of storage that has been reserved for output data. Also known as "output block" or "buffer".
A reserved segment of memory used to collect data to be transferred out of the computer. Also known as "output block" or "buffer".
A logical expression specifying one or more conditions that program outputs must satisfy in order for the program to be correct.
A logical expression specifying one or more conditions that program outputs must satisfy in order for the program to be correct.
A part of storage that has been reserved for output data. Also known as "output area" or "buffer".
A reserved segment of memory used to collect data to be transferred out of the computer. Also known as "output area" or "buffer".
Output bonus is a money paid in addition due to profits.
The ability to produce at the maximum level.
The physical link connecting the computer to an output device.
The physical link connecting the computer to an output device.
Any computer - generated information displayed on screen, printed on paper or in machine readable form.
Any computer - generated information displayed on screen, printed on paper or in machine readable form.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A computer file that contains data that are the output of a device or program.
A computer file that contains data that are the output of a device or program.
The wide difference or deficiency in performance or production.
The wide difference or deficiency in performance or production.
The variety of product items.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output routine.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output routine.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output routine.
A computer register that provides the transfer of information from computer to output equipment.
A computer register that provides the transfer of information from computer to output equipment.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output program.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output program.
A series of computer instructions which organizes and directs all operations associated with the transcription of data from a computer to various media and external devices by various types of output equipment. Also known as output program.
Messages and other output data that an operating system or a processing program displays on output devices.
Messages and other output data that an operating system or a processing program displays on output devices.
Rule that states how much output to produce to maximise the factors like labour and capital etc. in an optimum manner.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
A device, such as a printer, video display, or speaker, that presents data from a computer to a user.
Outright purchase means to pay cash for the full purchase price.
Such debts or claims which are to be paid to external agencies.
Practice to use workers from outside the country / organisation.
The practice of obtaining services from outside agency.
The practice of obtaining services from outside agency.
Outstanding is an amount of debt which is yet not paid.
Outstanding means distinguished from others in excellence.
Something or some debt which has not been paid yet.
Something which is extremely good or remarkable.
Something which is yet to be solved or decided.
Outstanding advance is an amount of debt which was given in advance and yet not paid.
Outstanding Balance is an amount currently owed on a debt.
The bonds which are yet to be redeemed.
The amount of loan taken which is yet to be repaid.
The cheque which is yet to be paid / encashed.
The claim or demand which is yet to be settled.
A pledge given which is yet to be performed / honoured.
A contract which is yet to be performed / completed.
Outstanding Debt is an unpaid portion of a debt which may include interest accrued on the balance.
The amount of dividend which is yet to be paid.
The amount which has been earned but is yet to be received.
Outstanding Expenses are those expenses which are due but not yet paid.
Such sale or purchase of foreign currency at some future specified date which is yet to be completed.
Outstanding Income is an income which have not been received yet even though the event been incurred.
Items which have not yet been settled / received.
Outstanding Liabilities are the amount of liability which is yet to be paid as on the balance sheet date.
Outstanding Liabilities for Expenses are the amount of liability which is yet to be paid as on the balance sheet date.
A debt or any other financial obligation which is to be paid.
Outstanding Purchase means all encumbered emption which shows in the report of fiscal year.
The amount which is required to be paid back but has not so far been repaid.
Outstation is a remote or sparsely populated location.
A place other than one 's own.
Outstation Allowance is an allowance granted to employees working on outstation to meet their personal expenses.
A bank which is not situated in the same town, and is at outside the town.
A cheque which is drawn payable on a bank situated at some other centre / town.
Which is not available in the stock.
The quantity produced.
The result of a process or the quantity produced.
The accounts maintained relating to production.
Defeat by a majority vote.
Which is going outside or directed towards outside.
A bill which is required to be sent outside or directed to be sent to outside.
The capital which is being taken outside the country to some other country.
The procedure which is required to be completed before a ship is allowed to leave.
Presenting a cheque or any other negotiable instrument through banking procedure for obtaining ultimate payment.
Such demand drafts which are being sent / drawn to other banks.
An entry recorded in the register when something is sent outside.
Outward Invoice means an Invoice which is prepared and send to someone to pay.
Outward Journey is a journey when person leave a place in search of a new destination.
A mail transfer (remittance by mail) which is directed towards other bank / centre.
enforced detention and isolation of a person having a contagious disease at the point of exit from a region to prevent the spread of such disease
Outward register is a register which maintains record of out going documents.
A remittance which is sent by telegraphic mode to other centres.
Outward Traffic is a traffic which is going out of the city or state.
Work which is done outside the place of normal work.
about or relating to an ovum
Elliptical or egg shaped.
A large oval opening of the sphenoid bone that transmit the mandibular nerve and meningeal artery.
Oval in shape.
Chocolate flavoured drink than is mixed with milk.
One who achieves success over and above the standard or expected level is known as Overachiever.
functioning abnormally or excessively more
Over age means older for one 's position, function, or grade.
The total which is in excess.
Overall means including everything or on the whole.
Overall means including everything.
The total difference in the value of goods imported and exported by a country.
Overall charge means charges which includes every expense.
Overall deficit includes all losses of the company.
The amount outstanding which is inclusive of all.
The state of being efficient considered on the whole.
The level which has been decided taking together all aspects.
Over all Performance Audit is an evaluation of the measures implemented by management to ensure the efficient, effective and economic use of resources.
The audit which examines all the aspects relating to performance in various areas.
The situation that includes everything.
Which has been assessed in excess.
Over billing is invoicing in excess of agreed upon pricing or exaggerating the amount of services or goods provided.
In a share market when shares have been purchased more than the capacity of paying for them driving prices up.
This is the position when shares / securities are purchased / acquired for selling them at a later date for profit.
Over bridge is a single span stone arch bridge.
Purchases which have been made in excess / more than the need.
When price offered for something in auction is more than the normal.
The capacity installed which may be more than the capacity that can be put to use.
To provide or raise more capital than the required.
Over carried cargo means transported goods on other location than decided destination.
When something has to undergo the process of attesting fact a number of time which is more than the required.
Overcharge is a price for something which is too high.
Overcharges means to charge more than the real value of the product or service.
Over Charge Sheet is a sheet in excess of agreed upon pricing or exaggerating the amount of services or goods provided.
When consumption is more than the needed quantity.
Overcrowding means excessive crowding at a particular place.
Overcrowding means excessive crowd which is together.
Over crowding means excessive crowding at a particular place.
When developmental efforts or level of development have crossed the logical limits.
An excessive dose.
dose in excessive amount
An overdraft occurs when withdrawals from a bank account exceed the available balance.
It is a form of borrowing for which bank fixes a limit beyond which debit balance cannot go in the account.
To draw a sum of money in excess of the amount in credit in one 's account.
Overdue is a situation when amount is being unpaid and still due.
Over due means too late to fulfill a need or deadline.
An account where payments have not been made on due date.
Successive payment of debt in portions which has not been paid on time / due date.
A reserve created for providing for overdue interest.
Overdue payment is a situation when amount is being unpaid and still due.
Overestimate is an overvaluation of the potential market value of a financial asset or liability.
Overestimate is an overvaluation of the potential market value of a financial asset or liability.
Overestimate is an overvaluation of the potential market value of a financial asset or liability.
Overestimate is an overvaluation of the potential market value of a financial asset or liability.
Over estimate is a high conjecture or calculation.
The process of extending some activity etc. more than the sustainable level.
Unethical utilisation of the resources which is not desirable.
Such a situation when a financial institution (bank etc.) lend more than their lendable resources.
To extend beyond reasonable limits.
excessive feeding
To be filled beyond capacity.
A bistable device which changes state when an overflow occurs in the register associated with it, and which is designed so that its condition can be determined, and its original condition restored. Also known as overflow indicator.
A condition that occurs when a portion of the result of an operation exceeds the capacity of the intended unit of storage.
A condition that occurs when a portion of the result of an operation exceeds the capacity of the intended unit of storage.
The condition in which the numerical result of an operation exceeds the capacity of the register.
A condition caused by the result of an arithmetic operation having a magnitude that exceeds the largest possible number.
In computer processors, the overflow flag (also called V flag) is a single bit in a system status register used to indicate when an arithmetic overflow has occurred in an operation.
In computer processors, the overflow flag (also called V flag) is a single bit in a system status register used to indicate when an arithmetic overflow has occurred in an operation.
A bistable device which changes state when an overflow occurs in the register associated with it, and which is designed so that its condition can be determined, and its original condition restored. Also known as overflow check indicator.
A unit of data whose length is too great for it to be stored in an assigned section of a direct - access storage, and which must be stored in another area from which it may be retrieved by means of a reference stored in the original assigned area in place of the record.
A unit of data whose length is too great for it to be stored in an assigned section of a direct - access storage, and which must be stored in another area from which it may be retrieved by means of a reference stored in the original assigned area in place of the record.
Which relates to the past.
The liquidity which is more than the required level or desired.
Overhauling means periodic maintenance of a vehicle or machine.
Overhauling means periodic maintenance of a vehicle or machine.
In data transmission and telecommunication, overhead bits are nondata bits necessary for transmission.
In data transmission and telecommunication, overhead bits are nondata bits necessary for transmission.
In data transmission and telecommunication, overhead bits are nondata bits necessary for transmission.
Overhead charge is a percentage of the direct costs of providing the services under the contract.
Overhead charge is a percentage of the direct costs of providing the services under the contract.
Overhead charge is a percentage of the direct costs of providing the services under the contract.
Charges which relates to operating expenses of the business.
Overhead Charge is a percentage of the direct costs of providing the services under the contract.
Overhead cost is the indirect recurring costs of running a business.
Overhead expenses are productive and non productive expenses which are not directly related to the work or business.
Overhead expenses are productive and non productive expenses which are not directly related to the work or business.
Overhead line are used to transmit electrical energy to trams, trolleybuses and trains.
This is the situation in an economy where factors are going out of control like wages are increasing, deficit is widening.
When money invested is more than the capacity or desired level.
Over invoicing means the provision of an invoice that reports the price as higher than is actually being paid.
Issue for raising capital which is more than the required or in excess.
Overlapping is a situation when one element covers a part of another.
Overlapping is a situation when one element covers a part of another.
In context of computer science, Overlapping Fragment Attack refers to such a attack wherein the reassembled packet starts in the middle of another packet and as the operating system receives these invalid packets, it provides the memory to contain them.
The area within which more than one authority operates.
When more than one person or authority has been exercising official powers in the same sphere of activity.
1. A preprinted, precut form placed over a screen, key or tablet for identification purposes. 2. A program segment called into memory when required.
A specialized keyboard with no pre - set keys.
A specialized keyboard with no pre - set keys.
Overleaf means on the other side of the page or sheet.
Overleaf means on the other side of the page or sheet.
Which is more than the point beyond which things should not proceed.
An excessive load.
An excessive load.
When economy is supposed to perform too many things within the limited resources.
To load too much.
In programming, the ability to use the same name for more than one variable or procedure, requiring the compiler to differentiate them based on context.
Overmanned means excess people in a company or institution.
Money which is borrowed for the duration of night and repayable at call.
Deposits which are meant for use for a day / overnight.
Overpaid is a payment for labor or services to a worker in the form of remuneration or reward.
Amount of money which has been paid in excess of the desired amount.
Overpayment means payment exceeding the amount actually due.
Over payment means to pay more than a due amount.
Overpopulation is a condition where numbers of people exceed the carrying capacity of its habitat.
Overpopulation is a condition where numbers of people exceed the carrying capacity of its habitat.
The price which is more than or in excess of the price fixed.
When price of some article has been fixed in excess of its real value.
Printing (additional text or colors) onto an already imprinted paper.
Printing (additional text or colors) onto an already imprinted paper.
When the quantity produced is more than the quantity in demand.
Overqualified means having more qualifications, training, or experience than is required for a job or position.
When regulation is exercised by various agencies may be in different form.
Over representation means a racial group which is greater in a proportion than is statistically expected or warranted.
Overriding means having superior power and influence.
Over riding means a matter which is first in priority and more important than all others.
Overriding means having superior power and influence.
Such commission on which is paid ignoring the earlier commission paid.
Such decision that ignores the earlier decisions made by an authority into the same / similar matter.
Objectives set for a nation which are more important than anything else.
Powers which have the effect of superseding earlier decisions.
Priority which has the effect of setting aside earlier decisions.
Overriding priority means a matter which is first in priority and most important than all others.
Overrule means nullify a previous ruling or policy decision by a higher power.
To set aside an earlier decision taken by some authority.
To print (a job order) in a quantity larger than that ordered.
Over run means excess increase in comparision of past.
It occurs in devices and applications when they receive more data then they anticipate.
The situation where anticipated / planned costs have exceeded.
The act of saving more than the reasonable capacity of saving.
Overseas Allowance is an allowance which is given to the employees to work in foreign.
Overseas Allowance is an allowance which is given to the employees to work in foreign.
The branch of a bank which is looking after business related to foreign trade.
One who buys something is located in a foreign country.
A person located in a foreign country when acts when required on behalf of the principal in another country.
The markets which are beyond the sea or outside the country.
An office which is situated outside the country.
Overseas pay is a pay which is given to those employees which are working in other then their own country.
Overseas pay is a pay which is given to those employees which are working in other then their own country.
A scheme formulated for carrying out trading activities in foreign countries.
Oversight is an unintentional omission or mistake.
In a share market when a particular share is sold excessively than what can be delivered.
A position in the share market where a particular share sales exceeds the purchases.
Over Subscribed is a situation in which the demand for an initial public offering of securities exceeds the number of shares issued.
The position where more offers to purchase shares than the number of shares available have been received in a new issue.
When the tax burden is considered more that what one can reasonably bear.
When the rates of share are quoted / displayed over the authorised counter.
A system of trading in the shares where sale / purchase of shares can take place on authorised counters.
Overtime means the amount of time that someone works beyond normal working hours.
Overtime means the amount of time that someone works beyond normal working hours.
Overtime Allowance is an allowance which is given to employees for overtime work.
Overtime Allowance is an allowance which is given to employees for overtime work.
Overtime Allowance is an allowance which is given to employees for overtime work.
Over Time Allowance Bill is a bill of that allowance which is given to those employees who are working for additional hours.
A claim in monetary terms for waking extra time.
Overtime pay is the amount which is paid to employee for overtime work.
Overtime Sheet is a sheet in which all details are recorded related to overtime allowances.
Where business is being carried on with insufficient liquid resources.
Distinct characteristics for providing security which are clearly visible.
Overvaluation is an overestimate of the potential market value of a financial asset or liability.
When the value assessed is too high.
Currency which has been valued excessively with reference to other currencies.
Overwork means doing too much work or work too hard, too long and to exhaustion.
To write over other writing.
A series of instructions added to a standard software routine to change or extend the routine so that it can carry out special tasks.
When goods are sent / kept for sale on the basis of consignment basis i. e. money remitted to consigner when sale is effected.
The capital in a firm / business which belongs to the partner / shareholders and no one else.
Funds which belongs to one who is running the business and no other person has any right on them.
One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title.
Owner - occupier is a term used to describe a person who owns and lives in their own property or house.
Ownership means having complete legal control over property and right to transfer possession to others.
Such structure that offers its owner the advantage of limited liability with controlling interest of the business.
The state of being owner of the deposits or when someone is holding deposits as owner.
Owner 's risk is a risk which based on owner' s goods and taken by owner himself.
Owning authority means an authority having complete legal control over property and right to transfer possession to others.
Owning department means a department having complete legal control over property and right to transfer possession to others.
Rates decided without intervention of any third party.
Such resources which belong to one self or arranged without incurring any outside liability.
The risk for which no other party may be made responsible.
A legal right to ownership belonging to oneself.
A legal right to ownership belonging to oneself.
An ester of oxalic acid.
The excretion of excess of oxalic acid or oxalates.
An enzyme which act as a catalyst during the process of oxidation.
A binary compound of an element with oxygen.
Increased sensitivity to stimulation.
a gas which is colourless, tasteless and odourless and is essential for aerobic respiration in cells.
A nonmetallic element that constitute 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume.
The addition of oxygen to any system including the human body.
An apparatus by which oxygen is given into the blood during circulation outside the body.
a tank or cylinder used to store oxygen at high pressure
Fast speech.
That secreting acid.
Excessive acuteness of sight.
Staining readily with acid stain.
Salt of an oxyacid.
promoting childbirth by stimulating uterine contractions
An oxytocic drug.
Facilitating childbirth.
An agent which promotes rapid labor by stimulating contractions of the myometrium.
Infestation with the parasitic nematodes.
An agent which destroys pinworms.
A genus of nematodes which contains parasites found in large intestine of humans.
Infection with nematodes of the genus E. vermicularis.
A unit of weight equal to one sixteenth of a pound.
A chronic disease of the nose with a foul - smelling nasal discharge.
Foul smell.
Ozone is a gas and occurs naturally about 10 to 30 miles above the Earth 's surface.
Foul - smelling breath.
A symbol of protactinium.
Belong to food.
That afford pabulum or food.
A food substance that gives nourishment.
Pace is a step in walking or running.
A surgically - implanted electronic device that regulates a slow or erratic heartbeat.
A small device that help to control abnormal heart rhythms.
Extreme thickening of the blood.
Thickening of the skin.
Thickening of the tarsal border of the eyelid.
Abnormal thickness of the skull.
Relating to pachycephaly.
Related to thick skull.
Enlargement which is realted of the fingers or toes.
Abnormal thickening of the skin.
Abnormally thick skin.
An abnormal thickening of the skin due to lymph vessel obstruction.
Belong to the characteristic of a pachyderm.
Weight loss related to very large thick - skinned mammal.
Related to have thick blood.
Belong to large abdomen.
Abnormal thickness of the tonsue.
Related to have thick blood.
Inflammation related to dura mater.
Inflammation occur in external layer of dura mater.
Inflammation occur in internal layer of dura mater.
A disease of the dura mater.
The dura.
A device used for measuring the thickness of the cornea.
A fingernail or toenail that is abnormally thick.
A condition that primarily affects the nails and skin.
Related to have thick corners.
Related to large thick feet.
A stage of meiosis in which 4 different chromatids are formed.
Fat.
Common uses of pacing consist of measuring tree height or measuring the distance between plots.
A collection of items or a bundle.
You should keep data in a pack form to save the space.
Package is an offer composed of several items.
Students will become familiar with the database software package.
Students will become familiar with the database software package.
Package benefits are those advantages which are available on package.
A set of proposals agreed to in one go.
The loan or advance made available by the bank to an exporter for financing purchase of raw material, cost of processing, packing and despatch of goods.
Package deal is a circumstance in which involves offering of several products for sale as one combined product.
Package deal is a circumstance in which involves offering of several products for sale as one combined product.
Articles which are required for packing something.
A combination of many actions initiated together in one go.
The notes which are tied up in package.
Package programme is a circumstance in which involves offering of several programmes for sale as one combined programme.
Package proposal is a circumstance in which involves offering of several services for sale as one combined service.
Pack animal used for carrying heavy loads.
Packed array consists of two related issues: data alignment and data structure padding.
The portion of whole blood volume occupied by red blood cells.
Packed format have a fixed - length record format and a record length of 1024.
Packer is one whose occupation is the processing and packing of wholesale goods.
Packet is a collection of things wrapped together.
Packet is the basic unit of information carried across a network.
Packet assembler / diassembler collects data from a group of terminals and places the data into X. 25 packets.
Examination of the packet assembly is important.
Through packet diassembly you can disassemble the packets.
Packet format should be define here.
Packet InterNet Groper is used to test whether a particular host is reachable or not.
Packet layer protocol handles call setup, manages data transfer, tracks idle circuits, clears and restarts calls.
Through Packet mode terminal we can transmit the packets.
Packet radio is the wireless transmission of data, which is divided into packets or frames for error checking.
Packet switched data service, once all the data packets forming a message arrive at the destination, they are recompiled into the original data.
Packet switched network consists of many connections between individual pairs of machines.
In packet switched service, once all the packets forming a message arrive at the destination, they are recompiled into the original message.
In packet switching, once all the packets forming a message arrive at the destination, they are recompiled into the original message.
Packing means packaging of manufactured product to protect them.
Packing should be done here.
Packing and Marking means the act of packaging of product to protect them and the act of marking to recognise the product.
Packing density can be define as the amount of information per unit of storage medium.
Packing factor will be calculate by programmer.
Packing fraction can be calculated by (M  A)  A formula, where 'M' is the atomic mass and 'A' is the mass number.
Packing list is a detailed specification of goods for shipment included shipping package, quantity and weight of the content.
Pack valuation is the price estimate of a commodity packet.
Pact is an agreement or treaty between two or more nations.
Pad is a mass of soft material used for protection to fill, to give shape or to protect from any injury.
A cushion which is formed from the soft material.
A cushion - like mass of soft material which may be anatomical; surgical.
Pad collects data from a group of terminals and places the data into X. 25 packets.
Asterisk (*) is the example of pad character.
Padding is the way to fill unused space.
A The cushionlike pad of fat
Sexual relations between a man and a boy.
A physician of child.
A specialist who specializes in paediatrics.
The branch of medicical science.
The branch of medicine deal with children.
An immatured organisms which carries out the process of reproduction.
The branch of medical science that is involved in treating the childhood.
In a context of computer virtual memory, it is a fixed - length block of main memory, that is contiguous in both physical memory addressing and virtual memory addressing. Also called "memory page", or "virtual page".
Page addressing is mandatory for a page.
Page break is a mark that indicates where the printer will start a new page.
Hard page break and "Soft" page break are two types of page breakage.
Page swapping or page replacements are called page cannibalizing.
Page control is the most difficult and critical component of the whole system.
The page daemon program, often started at the time the system boots and runs continuously.
Through page data set we can get all the information related to that specific page.
The page depth of this site is very good.
The page depth of this site is very good.
The Adobe PostScript and Xerox Interpress are the examples of page description language.
Through page directory you can get the address of a specific page.
The horizontal dimension of page display define the column dimensions and vertical dimension define the row dimensions.
Through paged machine you can control table sizes, border thickness, background colours to match your existing web pages.
Paged memory is the primary mechanism for virtual memory.
A hardware device which translates virtual addresses into physical addresses and is used to manage virtual memory. Also called "memory management unit (MMU)".
A computer hardware component responsible for handling accesses to memory requested by the central processing unit (CPU). Also called "memory management unit (MMU)".
Paged segmentation reduces external fragmentation and provide multiple spaces for address.
Paged segmentation reduces external fragmentation and provide multiple spaces for address.
If Page fault error occurs, the user has to reload the application.
Page fault frequency algorithm based on frequency of page faults.
Page fault frequency algorithm based on frequency of page faults.
He is expert in page fixing.
We can see page footing on this page.
We can see page footing on this page.
This single page can be placed in any available page frame.
Page heading should be mentioned here.
The main functions of page in are performed when a program tries to access pages that are not currently mapped to RAM.
Page interrupt will break the flow of program execution.
When a page interrupt condition occurs, control is transferred to the operating system, which determines the action to be taken.
Use page key to open the page lock.
Page locks are useful for tables in which the normal user changes a large number of rows at one time.
Page locking is useful for tables in which the normal user changes a large number of rows at one time.
Page making means making the page which can be manual or on internet.
Page map table hybrid technique is one of the most popular mechanisms that perform flash address mapping efficiently.
You should use page out tool.
The pages of the I / O buffer cache are dynamically assigned to the converter and the data cache using the information in the page pool.
All laser and ink - jet printers are page printers.
All laser and ink - jet printers are page printers.
Pager is a small telecommunications device for short messages.
Page reader will read the information of a page.
Page removal completes the separation between logical memory and physical memory.
Page removal algorithm uses in paging for virtual memory management.
Page removal algorithm uses in paging for virtual memory management.
Page replacement completes the separation between logical memory and physical memory.
Page replacement algorithm uses in paging for virtual memory management.
You should use page sealing to close the page.
The home page size should not exceed then 30 Kb.
Page size anomaly will affect on the page arrangement.
Windows and UNIX system are perform the page swap function.
Windows and UNIX system are perform the Page swapping function.
Page table is the data structure used by a virtual memory system in a computer operating system.
You should used page trace to know the page details.
Page turning usually allow several concurrently executing programs to share a main memory of inadequate capacity.
Page turning usually allow several concurrently executing programs to share a main memory of inadequate capacity.
Pagination is a system of numbering the pages of a document or book.
The main functions of Paging are performed when a program tries to access pages that are not currently mapped to RAM.
The main functions of Paging are performed when a program tries to access pages that are not currently mapped to RAM.
The paging algorithm is known to be highly efficient algorithm.
The paging algorithm is known to be highly efficient algorithm.
The paging daemon prepares for page eviction before the need arises.
Paging device used as the intermediate level store in a multilevel paging hierarchy.
Paging drums are designed to have a relatively small capacity, low latency and high transfer rate.
Paging techniques flexibility enables us to analyze the data without any inconvenience.
Paging terminal provides expansion and versatility for paging operation.
Chancroid which occur with a tendency to slough.
Paid means to settle or give certain amount of money in exchange of goods or services.
Which has been settled by making payment.
The payment which has been made against authorisation for transfer of funds from the account.
Such charges which have already been paid.
Paid cheque means a written order directing a bank to pay a certain amount of money in exchange of goods or services.
Such notes which are found containing some defect and have been paid after examination.
The amount which has been paid before it has become due.
The amount which has been paid in cash.
The amount which has been paid in coin form.
An instrument that has been honoured / paid by the bank (cheque etc.).
The sum demanded which has been paid.
The amount which has already been paid is in excess of the desired amount.
Services which are made available on making payment.
Duration of employment for which salary is paid.
Paid up capital is the portion of authorized stock that the company has issued and received payment for it.
The nominal amount of share capital that has been contributed by the shareholders.
The value of shares equivalent to the called up amount paid on the share.
When the amount has been paid on the instrument without receiving advice (like demand draft).
Unpleasant sensation to the body or body part.
A sensation of discomfort.
A pain during urination.
A pain due to increased appetite.
Without any type of pain.
A nerve cell capable of sensing and transmitting a pain signal.
Pain in the glans penis.
Painter is an artist who paints.
A typical chronic lead poisoning which is associated with obstinate constipation.
Two in number
Double in number
You should use paired cable here.
Organs of the body that are present in pair.
A study of fossil remains.
A branch of science which carries out studies of plant and animal fossil remains.
A time more than 500 million years ago.
Having a good taste.
Acceptable to the taste and to eat.
The arch formed by the roof of the mouth from the teeth.
The bony and muscular partition between the oral and nasal cavities.
The partition which is separating the cavity of mouth from the nose.
Bone which is formed to form the outer wall of the nose.
Shaped like the palate.
Belong to the palate.
The pillars of the fauces.
A bone behind the maxilla which helps in the formation of the hard palate.
Membrane that cover the palatine.
The median suture that joins the bones of the palate.
Inflammation related to the palate.
Related to the palate and the tongue.
That describe the palate structure of the flightless birds.
An instrument used in recording the movements of the soft palate during respiration.
Related to palate and its parts.
Surgery for repair of the palate as in cleft palate.
Paralysis related to the soft palate.
Related to palatoplegia.
Suture related to a cleft palate.
A congenital fissure occur in the roof of the mouth.
A very low degree of chroma.
A study of earlier life forms on earth.
An acquired speech disorder characterized by reiteration of utterances.
Recurrence of any disease.
Belong to Palindromia.
A rare type of inflammatory arthritis.
The doctrine of transmigration of souls or regeneration.
A layer which is present in the plant leaf and supporting the process of phosynthesis.
To relieve the symptoms of disorder.
The act of extenuation.
Reducing the severity of symptoms without curing the disease.
Anything that palliates.
Treatment which is designed to relieve symptoms and improve your quality of life.
Belong to have an abnormally pale complexion.
Destruction of the globus pallidus.
Unnatural lack of color of the skin.
Pale or dull in appearance.
The layer of unmyelinated neurons.
Paleness of the skin, tongue.
Extreme paleness in appearance.
Iron deficiency anemia in young women.
The inner and concave part of the hand.
A type of plant species having no branches on the main trunk and haing a crown of leaves on top.
A plant with ornamental peltate that grow as a woody perennial in the tropics.
Related to the palm of the hand.
Any of the two loops of blood vessels in the palm of the hand.
Nodular fibroblastic proliferation that occur in the palm of one or both hands.
The name of the two muscles of the hand.
Shape that resemble a hand with the fingers spread.
A type of leaf where more than one leaflet arise form a common point.
A leaf that is further divided into number of lobes.
A leaf with lobes extending just befor the main rib.
A type of plant leaves having incisions which touch almost the mid rib.
An abnormal condition where the fingers are webbed.
Art of telling fortunes by the different lines, marks and patterns on the palms of the hands.
A rhythmical contraction in a muscle.
Palm.
A state of producing a jumping motion.
Appendages resembling mustaches attached to the mouth part of certain organisms.
capable of being touched.
Something that can be touched.
To examine by touching an area of the body.
Examination with the hand
A method of examination when the examiner feels the size or shape or firmness.
A technique in which the vibrations is produced by percussion are evaluated by using light pressure.
Related with the eyelids.
The opening of the eyes between the eyelids.
Uncontrolled repeated blinking of eyes.
The eyelid.
The eyelid attached with eyelashes.
A group of moths which belong to the family Hepialidae.
A part near the mouth part in insects which shows a growth of antennae like appendages.
Affected by palpitation.
Pulsation of the heart beat.
Abnormal sensations in heart that feel like pounding or racing.
Palpitation of the heart.
Paralysis of body part.
A Paralyse.
The paralysis of any body part.
Pamphlet is an unbound booklet on specific topic.
In the form of tendrils, especially to the spermatic and ovarian veins.
A combining form which meant by all or everyone.
cure - all
A remedy claimed to be curative of all diseases.
A remedy for all diseases.
A disease of the banana plant roots caused by the fungus Fusarium oxysporum, this disease makes it resistant to fungicides.
Inflammation that involves all the tissue layers of a blood vessel.
An expression for paronychia.
Inflammation of all arteries.
A condition in in which the medium and small arteries that carry blood to the organs of the body become swollen and damaged.
Inflammation occurred in several joints.
Inflammation of heart.
Diffuse inflammation related to the heart.
Surgical extirpation of the entire colon.
An elongated gland or organ present in the abdominal cavity
A fish - shaped spongy grayish - pink organ which is present just behind the stomach.
Pain realed to pancreas.
A surgery, excision of pancrease.
The surgical removal of the pancreas.
Related to pancreas.
The fluid present inside the pancreas.
The alkaline digestive juice which is produced by the pancreas.
Related to pancreas and duodenum.
Related to pancreas and spleen.
Any vein draining the pancreas and than emptying into the splenic and the superior mesenteric veins.
A digestive enzyme which is used to supplement loss of digestive enzymes.
Inflamation of pancrease.
An inflammatory process where the pancreatic enzymes autodigest the gland.
That arise in the pancreas.
Radiographic visualization of the pancreatic ducts.
Any disease related to the pancreas.
Decrease in count of all blood cells
A condition in which there is a shortage in the amount of different kinds of blood cells.
A plant having leaves which resemble a sword and which belong to the group Pandanus.
Epidemic in population of all country
A sudden outbreak that affects a whole region, a continent or the world.
A restlessness and inclination to stretch.
Panel is a group of people gathered to judge or decide some matter.
An pot.
You will get this tool in control panel.
A type of inflammation of the entire brain.
A small piercing spasm of pain.
Excision of all parts of uterus.
Surgical removal of the uterus, the ovaries, oviducts and cervix with related lymph nodes.
Panic is a sudden overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety.
A sudden or overpowering terror.
A small swelling.
Bread.
Subsisting on bread.
Inflammation related to the subcutaneous fat.
A membrane or type of layer.
The superficial fascia that contains fat.
A sheath of dermal muscle which is developed in many mammals.
The hymen.
The pia mater.
The diaphram.
Softness of the skin.
The cornea in trachoma.
A chronic inflammation of the corneal surface.
A bubo
Inflammation of all parts of eye.
Inflammation of eye.
An inflammation of the inner eye.
A spontaneous, self - limiting disease of dogs affecting the diaphyses and metaphyses of long bone.
Inflammation related to all parts of the ear.
A great fear of everything.
Inflammation of all the sinuses,
A method of cooling which is used by many mammals, birds and some reptiles.
Paper is a material made of cellulose pulp which derived mainly from wood or certain grasses.
Paper Balance is a balance which is on the paper.
The currency which is in the form of bank notes declared as the legal tender of a country.
Special drawing rights or reserve assets in the IMF designed to supplement reserves of gold and convertible currencies used.
The decrease in the value of stocks lying unsold in the business.
Documents which represents money, such as bank notes, promissory notes, bills of exchange etc.
An increase in the value of stocks which is lying unsold and profit is not realised.
Paper promotion is a promotion which is on the paper only and yet not applicable practically.
Rates (shares etc.) which have been published in a news paper / bulletin etc.
A generally accepted form of money.
Central government securities issued in India.
Papers means documents which provides information related to a person or an institution
Paper seal is a mark or symbol for a legal document.
Paper sensing is as an automatic paper sensing apparatus in a printer.
Paper sensor is as an automatic paper sensing apparatus in a printer.
The speed of paper skip is usually greater than that of a single line spacing.
Paper tape is a obsolete form of data storage.
One meter of 8 - paper tape channel can contain about 400 bytes of data.
One meter of 8 - paper tape channel can contain about 400 bytes of data.
Paper tape code will be used in paper tape to store the data.
A paper tape reader is smaller and much less expensive than hollerith card or magnetic tape readers.
The paper tape speed of this reader is very good.
4K Absolute Assembler, Symbolic Program Editor, On - Line Debugging Aid etc. are the features of Paper tape system.
The speed of paper throw is usually greater than that of a single line spacing.
Such right to property etc. which does not actually exists but is on paper only.
Paper transaction means paper work is in progress related to some specific matter.
Such matter which is being considered and no final decision is taken yet.
Paper work means documentation is in progress related to some specific matter.
A flower type whose structure resembles that to a butterefly.
Any small, nipplelike process.
A small nipplelike projection at the base of a developing tooth.
Optic disc.
A small growth like a nipple being observed on the plant leaf.
Area that comprises both papilla duodeni minor and papilla duodeni major.
Vprojections on the dorsum of the tongue.
Curved tapering cone shaped body which is present on the tongue of rodents.
A slight of projection which start from the margin of each eyelid near the medial commisure.
Belong to papilla.
A small nipplelike projection like a pimple.
Shape which is just like a papilla.
Inflammation of papilla.
Optic neuritis with swelling of the optic disk.
Inflammation and deterioration optic disk.
A swelling of papilla
A non - inflammatory oedema of the optic nerve of eye.
benign epithelial tumor
A benign epithelial tumor [.
A disorder that causes numerous papillomas wart growths.
Relating with papilloma.
Incision related to the papilla of the duodenum.
A structure made of scales, bristles or featherlike hairs attached to the seeds.
Hair which are present on the seeds which help it in propagation in wind for pollination.
A spicy seasoning ground comes from a variety of Capsicum annuum.
The test that checks for changes in the cells of cervix.
Inflammatory elevation of the skin without pus.
Belong to a papule.
The process of formation of papules.
Inflammatory elevation of the skin.
A circumscribed, solid elevation up to 100 cm in diameter on the skin.
Belong to papules and pustules.
The occurrence when numerous papules appears.
Like a paper.
A died fetus with subsequent atrophy and mummification.
Par means an equality in value status or level.
A pair.
A standard amount or level.
A prefix which means including.
Institutions which are in addition to banking.
Vision abnormality.
Parabolic dish is in the shape of a parabola.
Parabolic mirror is in the shape of a parabola.
Parabolic reflector is in the shape of a parabola.
A disorder that affect the will.
Puncture of cavity for removal of fluid.
A procedure of taking out fluid that has collected in the peritoneal fluid.
Puncture of abdominal cavity.
Puncture of pleural cavity of lung
Related to paracentesis.
Cose to central part.
The posterior part marked off by a vertical sulcus.
Inflammation related to peritoneal coat of the colon.
Defective hearing capability.
Inflammation related to tissues around the bladder.
A small collection of convoluted tubules, situated above the head of the epididymis.
Paradigm is a systematic arrangement of all the inflected forms of a word.
Paradox is a statement that contradicts itself.
Contradictory but nonetheless possibly true.
Related to Paradoxia.
A contradictory statement, or symtom of disease.
Passage of thrombus from a vein to an artery.
A reflex where the usual response is reversed.
An apparent contradiction that states the fact that value of a more useful item is less in the market than an item which may not be of much use like water on the whole is more useful than diamonds but diamonds command higher price in the market.
Inconsistent therapy.
A peritoneal depression which is present on either side of the rectum.
A number of abnormal sensations anywhere in the body.
A waxy white and colorless solid hydrocarbon mixture.
A tumor originate from the cells called paraganglia which is present in the middle ear,
A small round body that contain chromaffin cells.
One of a pair of small appendages of the lingua related to certain insects.
One of the lobes which is present at the center of the mouth opening in insects.
Paragraph formatting should be done properly.
Paragraph formatting should be done properly.
Paragraph assembly is a classic method of is document assembly.
Paragraph header should be shown here.
Paragraphing means making several distinct subdivisions of a text.
In the Procedure Division, a paragraph consists of a paragraph - name followed by one or more sentences.
Any speech disorder.
A lexical selection error which happens during reading out loud.
The apparent difference in position of a body
Parallel means precisely corresponding or happening at the same time.
Parallel access is the process of receiving multiple bits of information consecutively.
Pipelined parallel adder is the type of parallel adder.
Parallel addition is a specific method of addition at the same time during one cycle.
Parallel algorithms are valuable because it is faster to perform large computing tasks.
Parallel algorithms are valuable because it is faster to perform large computing tasks.
Parallel arithmetic will apply on this operation.
Parallel arithmetic will apply on this operation.
Parallel arithmetic will apply on this operation.
A parallel binary adder has several blocked adders.
The parallel bit test circuit is used for testing the plurality of memory cells in parallel bits.
Parallel bit transmission is the transmission of related signal elements over two or more separate paths.
Through parallel by character, we can manage character simultaneously.
Parallel columns means group of columns which is equal in size.
Parallel communication is used in telecommunication and computer science.
Bit - level, instruction level, data and task parallelism are different forms of parallel computing.
Bit - level, instruction level, data and task parallelism are different forms of parallel computing.
Through parallel computing problem can be solved by multiple computers.
Disk drives, display screens, keyboards and printers etc are different devices which have their own kinds of parallel data controllers.
Parallel data medium is used in microprocessor.
Parallel Input Output also known as PIO.
Parallel input / output also known as PIO.
Parallel in serial out is used in digital circuits.
Almost all personal computers come with at least one parallel interface.
A loan which runs parallel / side by side of the another loan.
Parallel operation requires power supplies that are specifically designed to share the load.
Parallel operation requires power supplies that are specifically designed to share the load.
A parallel interface is used to connect an external device such as a printers.
Parallel processing is used to obtain faster results.
Parallel processing is used to obtain faster results.
The programs of parallel processing computer are more difficult to write than Sequential processing.
Through parallel programming problem can be solved by multiple computers.
Through parallel programming problem can be solved by multiple computers.
Where there are two rates of exchange at a time.
Parallel rewritting system will be useful to create proper sentence.
Parallel running is used to obtain faster results.
Through parallel search storage, stored data can be searched very rapidly.
A state or tendency of being parallel.
Parallel storage will read these numbers at a same time.
Parallel - to - serial converter is useful especially for longer distance transmissions.
Parallel transfers require multiple bit paths.
Through parallel transmission 8, 16, or 32 bits can be sent simultaneously.
A type of vein arrangement in leaf where veins run parallel to each other from the poin they strat to the end.
A name of a group which has plant pathogenic worms.
Affected with paralysis.
Loss of any function of one side of body
Loss of any function
Complete loss of strength which is related to affected limb or muscle group.
A slow progressive condition that affects a group of cells in the substantia nigra of the brain.
Obstruction due to paralysis of the intestinal muscles.
One affected with paralysis.
Affected with paralysis.
Temporary intestinal paralysis.
Paralyze means state of inactivity or complete loss of strength.
Inflammation related to the tissues around the mammary gland.
Paramedical is a study of emergency medical services.
A person who is trained for emergency medical treatment.
Health - care workers providing clinical services to patients under the supervision of a physician.
Irregularity in the menstruation.
The sexual organs of male organisms having divided into internal and external parts.
Parameter usually expressed in radians per unit length.
Parametric phase - locked oscillator provide very low noise and low spurious outputs at frequencies from 1 to 640 MHz.
Inflammation related to parametrium.
The extension of the subserous coat of the uterus.
Parametron can be used in electronics and computing.
The functions of Paramilitary forces are same as military forces but status is distinct.
A distortion of general memory.
Paramount means work which is chief in importance.
A disease of the muscles in which there is clonic contractions.
A disease which cause tonic spasms due to disorder of muscular tonicity.
Myotonia which appears during exercise and becomes much more severe during cold.
Belong to an area near the nose.
False recollection
Suspicious of others until they have proven themselves trustworthy by anyway.
Related to paranoia.
Extensions of one of the segments of the thorax.
Near the esophagus.
Para (paragraph) is several distinct subdivisions of a text.
Partial paralysis followed by the lower limbs.
Related to Paraparesis.
Aphasia in which the patient uses wrong words.
Painful constriction of the glans penis by a phimotic foreskin
The inability to retract the distal foreskin over to the glans penis.
A disorder of the voice in which there is a change in its tone.
Hair like structures which are present on ther reproductive parts of certain organisms.
Total paralysis of the lower half of the body that include both legs.
Paralysis that include the lower half of the body.
Some switch in any action, behavior, movement, or a slip - of - the - tongue.
Near the rectus muscle.
Just adjacent to the kidney.
A condition when the parasites are present in the blood.
Parasite is an organism which lives in or on and takes its nourishment from another organism and cannot live independently.
An organism that lives on or in another and draws its nourishment
An organisms which requires another organisms as a host inorder to feed on it or survive on it.
The presence of parasites in the circulating blood;
An organism lives in or on and also takes its nourishment from another organism.
Related to parasites.
A cyst which is formed by the larva of a parasite.
The growth related to the parasites in an area.
Destructive to parasites.
Substance used to destroy parasites.
A symbiotic relationship by the parasite,
A relationship between the two species of plants or animals by which one benefits at the expense of the other.
An act wherein food is being absorbed from the host by the other organisms for its survival.
A state of being a parasite.
Organisms which tend to survive on a host during its life cycle thus causing death of the host.
Scientist who studies about parasites.
A study deals with parasite.
The biological science of parasites, their hosts, and the relationship between them.
Branch of science carrying out studies in the field of parasites.
Disease caused by parasites.
Present just beside the sternum.
A vertical line which is present equidistant from the sternal and midclavicular lines.
Pertaining to a division of the autonomic nervous system
Related to the parasympathetic nervous system.
One of the nerve of parasymphathetic nervous system.
Any one of the nerves of the parasympathetic nervous system.
Any agent which mimic the effects of parasympathetic nervous system activity.
A host that is not required by the parasite to undergo the process of its development.
Adjacent to the thyroid gland.
Produced by parathyroid gland.
The parathyroid gland.
The removal of any one or more of the parathyroid glands.
Near the tonsils.
Present just adjacent to the trachea hilar and paratracheal lymph nodes.
A name of a group of species which include nematodes which are plant pests.
Family of worms such as round worms and which are mostly plant pathogens.
Is a name of a moth belonging to the family Arctiidae.
A type of enteric fever but less severe than typhoid.
Present just near to the umbilicus.
Present near to the urethra.
Inflammation related to the tissues around the vagina.
Present near the vertebrae.
A peritoneal depression which is formed by the reflection of the peritoneum.
Present at the parallel to the axis of an optical system.
A rice that has been boiled in husk.
Parcel is a package of object or article wrapped for shipment.
Pardon is the act of excusing a mistake or offense.
Pardon means accept an excuse for any mistake or offense.
The key elements of an organ which is essential to its functioning with supporting structures.
Cells present in plant having a thin wall and capable of dividing even after maturity.
Belong to the parenchyma of an organ.
Inflammation of the parenchyma of an organ.
A goiter with an increase in the follicles with proliferation of the epithelium.
Parent is one who gives birth to a child and nurtures him.
Plant or animals which give birth to younger ones.
In tree node parent is closer to the root and it has a link to the node.
In tree node parent is closer to the root and it has a link to the node.
In tree node parent is closer to the root and it has a link to the node.
Parentage is the state of being a parent.
Parental means related to parents.
The bank which holds controlling stake in the other bank.
The bill from which other bills originate.
The place inhibited by organisms since birth.
A company that controls the another company by virtue of have majority shares in it.
The Root directory has its own parent directory.
Other than through the gastrointestinal tract.
Not present within the intestine.
Parenthesis - free notation is a notation system for digital - computer or calculator logics.
Parent in a tree should be clear in tree data structure.
Parent office is a governmental agency that administers or regulates patents and trademarks.
Parents is one who gives birth to a child and nurtures him.
Partial or incomplete paralysis.
Partial or mild paralysis.
Belong to the paresis.
A person who is afflicted with partial paralysis.
Sexual intercourse.
Par excellence is an example of excellence or superior.
Par excellence is a degree of excellence.
The wall of the bodily cavity.
Belong to Paries.
Either of the two flat bones present on the right and left sides of the head.
Complete fistula opening on the wall of the abdomen.
A gap located in the parietal bone.
Any of the convolutions of the outer surface which is related to the cerebrum.
A type of hernia that involves a portion of the wall of the intestine is involved.
A lobe in the brain, posterior to the frontal lobe.
A lobe present just superior to the occipital lobe of brain.
The growth of ovules on the wall present as partitions of a compound ovary.
Pari passu means two works at a same time.
Relating to or situated at the periphery.
Parity is a concept of equality of status or functional equivalence.
A condition of given birth to alive or dead infant or infants.
Parity bits are used as the simplest error detecting code.
Parity bits are used as the simplest error detecting code.
Parity check is used in mathematics, computer science, telecommunication, and information theory.
Parity flag is normally a single bit in a processor status register.
Parity of exchange means equality in regulation of commodity.
Value of one commodity with another.
The proportion of value of one commodity with another.
The proportion of one thing to another to estimate / know the parity value.
The expressionless features of Parkinsonism.
A neurologic syndrome.
A condition that causes Parkinson 's - type abnormal movements.
Parliament is a national representative body having supreme legislative powers.
Parliamentary means matter related to parliament or enacted by a parliament.
Parliamentary committee is a part of a legislative body and a group of people officially delegated to perform a function.
Parliamentary expenses are those expenses which are related to the Parliament.
Related to under pain.
The recognised value of one country 's currency with reference to the currency of another country.
Parole means conditional early release of a person from prison.
Infection around the base of the nail.
Related to Paronychia.
A disordered appetite.
A disabled sense of smell.
Any disorder of the sense in phantom, non - existent smell.
Inflammation of the tissues present at the adjacent to a bone.
Located near the ear.
Located near the ear which is related to a parotid gland.
The duct through which the parotid gland empties inside the mouth.
The removal of the parotid gland present near the ear.
The largest of the salivary glands
Either of the two salivary glands situated in front of each ear.
A large salivary gland that is located in front of and below each ear.
Inflammation of the parotid glands.
The diverging branches of the facial nerve through the parotid gland.
Having produced offspring one or more times.
Present just beside the ovary.
Belong to the epophoron.
A group of tubules often found near the ovary.
A attack
A sudden violent action.
A type of sudden attack.
A sudden recurrence or fit.
A type of tachycardia which begins and ends in an acute way.
A rare infectious disease which causes pneumonia in humans.
A part or portion of a given structure.
A parser is a program which is usually part of a compiler and receives input in the form of sequential source program instructions.
Parse tree is a tree - structured representation of a text that has been analyzed by a parser.
Carefulness in the use of resources.
Parsing breaks down words into functional units that can be converted into machine language.
The part of the pharynx lying behind the larynx.
Part is a component of a vehicle or machine.
When clearing of instruments is not complete.
When the act of sending goods has not been completed in full.
Part delivery means a delivery of only some of the goods that were ordered.
Equal parts.
Part file is a partially downloaded file.
Part file is a partially downloaded file.
Part file is a partially downloaded file.
A type of reproduction without fertilization.
A process by which a new individual is formed from a egg which is unfertilized.
Partial means only a part of total.
Partial means biased or prejudiced in favor of a person, group or point of view.
Related to a part of anything rather than as a whole.
A part rather than whole.
When a bill of exchange is accepted for part of the face value of the bill.
When something is allotted in part only and not in full as desired / requested.
Partial audit means audit which has been done partialy and yet not completed.
When a portion of the goods has only been delivered.
Partial disability is a physical or psychological condition that affects a person 's capabilities only to a limited extent.
The abnormal separation of the articular surfaces of any joint.
When endorser of the instrument has added some stipulation which may limit his liability to the holder.
The balance between two opposite forces which is not in full.
The amount of assistance which has been made available in part.
Partiality means biased or prejudiced in favor of a person, group or point of view.
The damage / loss which is not in full but a part of the lot.
Partially ordered set is the intuitive concept of an ordering and sequencing, or arrangement of the elements of a set.
Organism exhibiting the property of immunity to pathogens or infections but not totally.
Partial modification means alteration which is partial.
Partial modification means alteration which is partial.
Affecting only some of the eye muscles.
Partial order is a pre - order of items.
Partial ordering is the intuitive concept of an ordering and sequencing, or arrangement of the elements of a set.
Partial partition means division which is partial.
When a part of the outstanding amount is paid.
Participant is a person who takes part in an activity, game or competition.
Participate means to take part in something like game, competition etc.
Participating preference share is a type of preferred stock that gives the holder the right to receive dividends equal to the normally specified rate.
Such type of shares where a shareholder gets a right to receive dividend before other shareholders but is also entitled to get additional dividend if ordinary shareholders get dividend above the certain amount.
Participation is a condition of sharing or taking part in something with others.
A bond that indicates that yield on the bond bill depend on the profits made by the company.
A loan which is granted / provided to a borrower by a group of lenders together.
Participative means capable of participating.
A minute part.
Particular means distinguished or different from others.
Particular means distinguished or different from others.
Particular agent means agent who is distinguished and expert in his domain.
The right of the lender to retain the goods in his possession till the debt created in respect of that particular goods is paid.
Particulars means details of something.
Partition means division or distribution in portions or shares.
Partition means division or distribution in portions or shares.
Partition is a section of storage space on a hard disk.
Partitioned access method is used to store and retrieve data.
Partitioning divided a resource or application into the smaller parts.
The partition table is always stored in the first physical sector of a disk drive.
Partner is a person who shares or is associated with another in some action, endeavor or business partnership.
Partner incoming is a partner of firm but not liable for debts of the firm contracted before he became a partner as the member.
Partner outgoing means a person who has left the firm before the debts and liabilities have incurred and he is not liable for debts of the firm.
Partners current account means account in which partners profit, loss, drawing, interest on drawing, interest on capital and salary are kept.
Profit - sharing and short - term drawings are recorded in the partners fixed capital account.
Partnership is an association of two or more people to conduct a business.
Partnership is an association of two or more people to conduct a business.
Partnership accounts is an account in which two or more individuals are equally liable and it is used mainly for business partnerships.
artnership at will is a partnership whose duration is not fixed by contract and that is terminable at will by any partner.
A firm that comes into existence as a result of formation of a partnership.
Partnership deed is a binding legal document which states the formal rights of partners.
Stock of goods for which full payment has not been made.
Part payment is the partial payment of entire due sum.
Part time is a period of time that is less than the usual or full time.
One who works for part of the usual working hours.
Part - time employment is an employment of an individual for less than 40 hours per week.
Who does not hold a permanent position at that particular academic institution.
Related to giving birth.
A drug that is helpful in easing labor in childbirth.
A delivery of child.
The process of delivering the child.
Party is a group of person with common purposes or opinions who support one side of a dispute.
Party is a social gathering for pleasure and amusement.
Party in power means a body with the power to make and enforce laws for a country.
A subperiosteal abscess related to the gum.
Par value is the value of an asset which is set by authority.
A very small pill.
He is expert in Pascal - plus.
Pass means to give approval to a document or make laws and bring into effect by legislation.
Pass means to give approval to a document or make laws and bring into effect by legislation.
Pass means to be successful in an examination, course, etc.
Pass means to go across or through.
A whitlow.
A coin which meets the requirements of being a genuine coin which can be passed.
Passage is a path or channel through or along which something may pass.
A path or channel.
Migration from one place to another.
A path or channel
Expenditure amount for foreign tours.
Passage Concession means relaxation in expenses of Journey.
Passage free means journey without charges and expenses.
Passage Money means money paid for conveyance of a passenger.
When some concession is allowed to undertake journey from one state to another.
Passage Rebate means relaxation in expenses of Foreign Journey.
Passbook is a book issued by a bank to record deposits, withdrawals, and interest earned in a savings account.
This is a small book containing record of financial transactions between the customer and the bank in his account.
Passed for payment means to give approval to a document for payment.
Passenger is a person who travels in a conveyance.
Passenger manifest is a list of passengers on a ship or plane.
The official in the bank who authorises payment.
The state of being acted upon anything.
Passive means not participating readily or actively.
Accepting without any resistance.
Lacking in energy or will.
Not active.
An anaphylactic response which is caused in a nonsensitized individual.
The level of hedged balance or official reserve required to be maintained in the matter of balance of payment.
The bond which is not giving any returns by way of earning in the form of interest.
Debt (loan) which is incurring no interest payment.
The amount of deposit which is committed to one.
Through passive graphics, user can not 'interacts' with the graphics.
Through passive graphics, user can not 'interacts' with the graphics.
Hyperemia resulting due to obstruction in the flow of blood from a body part.
Immunity acquired by the transfer of antibodies from another individual.
Is a type of immunity obtained from another organisms and is present for a short duration of time.
Such share which is not giving any income.
The difference of value between the total exports and imports of a nation during a specific period which is adverse.
A type of ventilation with using non mechanical methods such as by keeping openings such as window or door.
Passport is an official government document that certifies one 's identity and citizenship and permits a citizen to travel abroad.
The process under which burden of increase of price is transferred to some other party / person.
Password is a secret word or string of characters that is used for authentication.
You should not show your password to anybody.
You should not show your password to anybody.
You should not show your password to anybody.
Paste is a soft, smooth and thick mixture of some material.
Paste means stick or attach something with paste.
A mixture of a soft consistency like in toothpaste.
A smooth and viscous mixture.
A group of bacterial parasites found on the worms present in the soil and also in crutceans present in water.
The Pasteur treatment for rabies.
A process that include heat - treatment which destroys pathogenic microorganisms
Anything that has given pasteurization.
The inability to place a finger on another part of the body accurately.
Past service is a service which has been done earlier than the present time.
Past service is a service which has been done earlier than the present time.
A small circumscribed area differing in color.
In dermatology, a flat area greater than 0 cm in diameter.
An irregular spot or area.
Limited application of biological or chemical substances to the skin to detect if that has an allergic hypersensitivity.
The large sesamoid bone.
A triangular flat bone present at the front of the knee joint.
The fourth part of the leg of insects such as a spider.
The small bone which is present at the front of the knee.
The terminal filaments of the lateral femoral cutaneous nerve.
Excision related to the patella.
Shaped like the patelliform shell of the limpet.
A state of being exposed.
Patent is a grant made by a government that confers upon the creator of an invention or product the sole right to make, use and sell that product for a set period of time.
Patent is a grant made by a government that confers upon the creator of an invention or product the sole right to make, use and sell that product for a set period of time.
An grant of a property right for an invention by the Government.
Open or exposed.
Patent and design is a grant made by a government that confers upon the creator of an invention or product the sole right to make, use and sell that product for a set period of time.
Boxes which contain coins or notes and are made of specific pattern owned by the maker / user.
Paternity leave is an employee facility that provides paid or unpaid time off work to care for a child or make arrangements for the child 's welfare.
Paterson 's algorithm was formulated by Gary L. Peterson in 1981.
Each operating system has its own format for specifying a pathname.
State of being suffered by any disease.
Capable of having sympathetic sadness.
Related to a person who suffers.
Suffering in a specified way.
Any microorganism, or other substance causing disease.
An agent that causes any disease.
A bacteria or a virus acting as an agent in the formation of infection or disease.
A microorganisms acting as an agent in producing infections and diseases.
The process of disease formation.
The pathologic, mechanism resulting in the development of a disease.
The development of any disease
The process which leads to the development of disease.
Belong to the pathogenesis of a disease.
The capacity of a microorganism to produce any disease.
A capacity of the pathogens to disease somebody.
Indicating a particular type of disease.
A type of study for symptoms of any disease.
A type of study that to analyzes the link between historical greats.
Suffered from any disease.
Indicative of any disease.
Related to pathology.
One due to disease of the joint.
Fractures that occur from low energy injuries.
A specialist in pathology
A doctor who identifies diseases after studying cells and tissues under a microscope.
A study deals with disease.
A study of the nature of disease and its causes.
An exaggerated fear of any disease.
The physiology of disordered function due to any disease.
An interaction between a group of a parasite belonging to a particular species and a group of host belonging to a single species.
A classification of the different pathogens based on their pathogenic effect.
a path or channel
One who is suffering from any disease
A person who takes medical treatment.
The cavities of the nose.
Patriot is a person who loves, supports and defends his country and its interests with devotion.
Patrolling the activity of military unit to go around or through an area at regular intervals for security purposes.
Patron means one that supports or protects an institution, event or cause.
Patron is a person who is a regular customer, client or paying guest.
Patronage means the act of providing approval, support and backing.
Pattern means a representative sample of an artistic or decorative design.
A form or model
A design
The form or model in which some organisation is owned.
Pattern recognition is used in character recognition, voice recognition, handwriting recognition and robotics.
A type of speech.
With the help of PAT tree, we can implement many important string operations very fast.
Spreading widely from the center.
To lie open.
Widely spread apart.
Paucity means smallness of quantity, insufficiency or scarcity.
When there is scarcity of financial resources or support.
When supply of goods are available in small quantity.
The abdomen, especially when it is protruding.
Pauper is an extremely poor person.
A temporary rest.
Epithelium which is composed of a single layer of flattened scalelike cells.
A type of reaction to a frightening stimulus.
A sleep disorder involving awakening from sleep in a terrified state.
Anything given as security for obtaining a small amount of loan.
One who lends money at interest on the security of personal articles pawned with him and who holds a licence for it.
One who deposits something as security for loans.
One who pledges his goods to obtain loan against its security.
Pay means money given in return for work done.
To give money in terms of goods or services.
Payable means due payment of money on a certain date.
Payable means due payment of money on a certain date.
In a promissory note or bill of exchange the expression payable at sight means on demand.
Such bank drafts which are to be paid.
Which is required to be paid on delivery.
Which is required to be paid on demand.
Which (an instrument) has been expressed to be payable to the holder.
The instrument which has been made payable to order.
Such instrument / cheque which has been made payable to self by the drawer.
The actual amount that is required to be paid.
Pay Advance of means a salary which is given in advance.
Pay Allowances is a sum granted as reimbursement for expenses.
Pay and allowances is a sum granted as reimbursement for expenses.
The money which is paid as salary and expenses to meet travelling.
The time period during which loan should be repaid.
Pay basic means salary for active duty on a monthly basis.
Pay bill is a statement specifying the amount of money to be paid.
Pay Certificate is a certificate issued by a company on its letter head showing details of salary structure of the employee.
Pay cheque is a cheque that an employee receives as payment for their services.
Pay day is the day on which salary or wages are given.
Payee is a person one who receives a payment through cash, check or other modes.
Payees stamped receipt proofs the payment.
Payer is a person who pays money for something.
Pay fixation is an allocation of employees' salary by the government.
Pay Fixed is a salary in the form of periodic payment given by an employer to an employee and does not regularly vary according to performance or results achieved.
Pay increase is the amount of increased salary.
The banker who makes payment of the instrument (cheque etc.)
The ability to spare money to make repayment of the loan taken.
Paying department is a division which pays money for something.
Paying - in book is a book containing forms which we used to deposit funds into our bank account.
Also known as credit slip. It is a printed paper slip with counter - foils used for recording details of cash / cheques etc. which are being deposited in the bank account.
Paying officer is an employee whose work is to pay for company expenses.
Paying side is a group of people or individual person who is liable to pay money for something.
Paying voucher is the record of paid bills.
Pay Initial is the salary which an employee got in his initial period of job.
These are printed paper slips / books with perforated counter - foils, to be filled in by the depositor or by his agent for depositing cash, cheque etc. in his account.
Payment means to settle or give certain amount of money in exchange of goods or services.
Payment by cheque means to settle or give certain amount of money through a cheque in exchange of goods or services.
A table etc. in a bank where payment transactions are conducted.
When the order of payment has been revoked / cancelled.
The amount by which a government 's or an individual' s spending exceeds its income over a particular time.
In a protest bill when a third party makes payment of the bill for the honour of the party (drawee).
An independent service that works as an intermediary between the shopper and the other agency in payment transactions.
Payment in cash means to settle or give certain amount of money in cash in exchange of goods or services.
The payment of instrument which has been made in accordance with apparent tenor of the instrument, in good faith and without negligence.
When payment is not made in cash but in form of some item / goods etc.
Payment in to treasury means those payments which has been done directly into treasury.
The payment which has been made in proper manner.
The amount which has been paid in respect of old dues outstanding.
When payment has been received in part.
Payment order is a document ordering the payment of money drawn by a bank.
An account maintained for recording details of the payment orders.
A time table or programme for making payments.
When a customer issues instructions to the bank stating that payment against certain cheque is not to be given.
Payment system means a funds transfer system that facilitates the circulation of money.
The conditions governing the payment.
A written evidence prepared to support the fact of making payment.
Pay negotiations means the process of bargaining for salary.
Pay of appointment is the salary which an employee got in his initial period of job.
Payoff means full payment of a salary, wages or debt.
To pay a debt etc. in final settlement.
The amount which is received as income on investment.
The total time span during which loan has to be repaid.
When salary is increases based on specific post is known as pay of rank.
An instrument or order for payment made payable on demand.
Pay order is a document which instructs a bank to pay a certain sum to a third party.
Pay package means total proposed salary for annual bases.
Pay review is a kind of enquiry of paid salary.
Pay roll is the sum of all financial records of salaries, wages, bonuses and deductions.
Payroll ledger is the account of all financial records of salaries, wages, bonuses and deductions.
Pay scale is a document or table designed to determine how much an employee will earn in his job.
When some instrument (cheque etc.) is made payable to the drawer himself.
Pay sheet is the document of all sum of salaries, wages, bonuses and deductions.
Pay slip is a document issued to an employee in which all earnings and deductions are mentioned.
A piece of paper detailing particulars of salary, deductions and the net amount paid to an employee.
When a cheque is expressed to be payable to bearer these words are recorded.
When a cheque is made payable to order or to the order of the payee these words are recorded.
Additional funds required when an investor swaps a current holding with a higher value security.
When the amount is to be paid to the bank on which cheque is drawn these words are recorded on the cheque.
PC may be a desktop computer, a laptop computer or a tablet computer.
In PCB, process id, process state, memory information, program control data, etc information are stored.
PC - disk operating system is a software that controls the internals system of a computer.
PC - disk operating system is a software that controls the internals system of a computer.
PC - DOS is a software that controls the internals system of a computer.
Some times, PDL have been used for informal description of software.
PDM can be considered as digital - to - analog conversion.
PDN used to providing data transmission services for the public.
PDT is used in large stores, warehouses, hospital and in the fields.
PE is also known as Manchester coding.
A line code in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and occupies the same time. Also called manchester coding; manchester code.
A round seeds which are borne by a climber plant species.
Peace net is worked on human rights, disarmament and international relations.
A tree which is widely grown for its edible fruit and bearing flowers which are pink in color.
A herb or a small tree which bears orange flowers and is showy in appearance.
The demand (for something) which is at the highest level.
Which is at the highest point.
When production level is at the highest point.
When the demand in the season may be at the highest level.
The production which has surpassed its earlier maximum production level.
A leguminous annual herb, seed containing pod
A plant seed that grows in underground pods and tastes like a nut.
A species in the legume bean family.
Resembling pearl
One of a number of small tough masses
A dense, more or less round, white or light - colored concretion formed by deposition of thin concentric layers of nacre about a foreign particle.
A clouding of the eye 's natural lens that lies behind the pupil.
An economy which subsists on farming.
The profession of agriculture which is generally adopted for subsistence.
Such farmer which is undertaking agricultural operation on his own land.
Such an arrangement where farmers are the owners of the agricultural land.
A disease which is found in silkworms due to the affect of parasites.
Stands for Pea early browning virus.
Unhealthy or causing illness.
Morally bad in practice.
Narrow and parallel projections.
A structure which resemble the teeth of a comb.
In shape of the comb.
Relating to the chest.
Related to the muscle of the chest.
Related to the muscles that connect the front walls of the chest with the bones of the shoulder.
Related to inside the breast.
Transmission of the voice sound through the pulmonary structures and are clearly audible through a stethoscope.
The cheast.
A solitary abnormality which is associated with other genetic disorders.
A congenital abnormality that cause by too much growth of the connective tissue that joins the ribs to the breastbone.
Pecuniary means matter related to money.
A profit or loss which is assessed in terms of money.
A legal share in something in financial terms.
Pecuniary liability is a personal, joint or corporate legal obligation for loss or improper application of funds.
A sum of money which has to be paid for violating a rule or failure to fulfil a commitment.
Related to foot.
A man involves in sexual relations, especially anal intercourse, with a boy.
Pain which is related to foot.
Belong to the care and medical treatment of children.
A physician who is a specialist of pediatrics.
A branch of medicine related with the development and care of infants and children.
A stalk which bears flowers.
A poart of the plant which bears a cluster of flowers.
The stem that attaches the new growth.
Shape like a small stalk.
A flap consisting of the full thickness of the skin.
Jaundice that occur in new born baby.
Caused by lice.
Medications which is used to treat lice and scabies infestations.
The state of being infested with lice
An infestation with blood - sucking lice.
Infestation with the pubic and related area.
A genus of lice
A louse.
Transmission of relapsing fever.
Infestation of the scalp by the human head louse which is acquired by direct head - to - head contact.
Infestation of body skin with lice.
Shaped like a foot.
Ancestral line of descent, especially as diagrammed on a chart to show ancestral history.
A tree which resembles the ancestors of a particular organism.
A second pair of a mouth structure present in organisms.
Part of the mouth of certain organisms such as the scorpion or spiders.
A dental specialty which deals with the care of childrens teeth.
A dentist who is a specialist in caring for the dental needs of children.
A stalk like structure, often acting as a support.
A stalk that bear a flower or flower cluster.
A stalk in plants which bears a group or a single flower.
Supported on a peduncle.
A piece or strip that has been peeled off.
A person who has equal standing with the other one.
One belonging to the same grade.
A company which is of the same status or in the same line.
Peer - to - peer is useful for file sharing systems.
Pegged price is the price at which a commodity has been fixed by agreement.
Prices which have been maintained at a fixed level.
Prevent the prices from falling or rising beyond a particular level.
To promote increase in prices.
Peg point means a basic or logical point of some issue.
Pel is normally arranged in a 2 - dimensional grid but sometimes represented using dots or squares also.
The coat of a mammal that consist of hair.
A livid ecchymosis.
Any blood disease that cause subcutaneous bleeding.
A disease of intestine and skin.
A lack of a sufficient amount of vitamin B3 in the body.
Related to produce pellagra.
Related to pellagra.
A bullet.
A small tablet
A part of food which is in the form of a spherical rounded mass.
A thin skin or film like appearance.
Application of mud to all part of the body.
A taxonimic group comprising of worms which are parasites of plants.
An electrochemical technique for identifying and estimating the concentration of reducible elements
Releting to pelvis.
Related to pelvis.
A curved top of the bones of the hip.
Inflammation of the cellular tissue which is present at the adjacent to the uterus.
A bony structure in vertebrates which is attached to and also supports the hind limbs or fins.
The structure of the vertebrate skeleton that supports the lower limbs in humans.
the upper opening of the true pelvi
A plexus of the autonomic nervous system.
An instrument which is used for measuring the diameter and capacity of the pelvis.
Obstetrics measurement which is related to the dimensions of the female pelvis.
The massive cup - shaped ring of bone
A basin - shaped structure present in the vertebrate skeleton.
A group of rare autoimmune blistering diseases related to the skin.
Penal is pertaining to punishment for crimes.
An act of punishing.
Penal code is the legal code governing crimes and their punishment.
In money lending, penal interest is punitive interest charged by a lender to a borrower if installments are not paid according to the loan terms.
In money lending, penal interest is punitive interest charged by a lender to a borrower if installments are not paid according to the loan terms.
Penalize means to make punishable or to impose a penalty.
Law that deals with criminal offences.
The provisions that deals with penalties.
Penal rate is an increase in the current annual percentage rate due to late payments.
Penal rent is an increase in the current rent due to late payments.
Penal rent is an increase in the current rent due to late payments.
The amount of money that has been imposed as penalty.
Penalty is a punishment established by law for a violation of law or rule.
Penalty is a punishment established by law for a violation of law or rule.
Penalty proceedings are used to give punishment or impose penalties.
Pending means not yet decided or settled.
Pending means not yet decided or settled.
Pending means during or in the process
Pending cases are those cases which yet not decided or settled.
Pending decision means proceedings is in progress and case yet not decided.
Pending decision means proceedings is in progress and case yet not decided.
The amount of freight which has not been decided yet finally.
Till recoveries are made.
The matter that has been referred but yet to be decided.
Pen down strike is a labor protest in which workers are present at their jobs but do no work.
Suspended to swing.
The downwards hanging of the abdomen over the pelvis.
Related to a stalklike structure in invertebrate animals.
Passing into the deeper cavity.
Able to penetrate
To pierce; into the deeper tissues.
Affecting the penis.
Related to penis.
Ulcer on penis.
A Male genital organ.
The male organ of copulation present in higher vertebrates.
A male part which carries out the process of sexual intercourse in males.
Inflammation related to penis.
A taxonomic group of large grasses used specially as food for animals.
The study of prison management and criminal rehabilitation.
Pen plotter is used for producing CAD or wire frame graphics.
Pen plotter is used for producing CAD or wire frame graphics.
After retirement, Pension is a regular payment to a person that is intended to allow them to subsist without working.
Pensionable means entitled to receive a pension.
Pensionable age means the age of retirement from the service.
Pensionable pay means normal salary plus allowance, bonuses, contractual overtime and any other taxable benefit which specified in contract.
Pensionable post is a Government post on which pension is available.
Pensionable service is a Government service on which pension is available.
Pensionary benefits are those benefits which are calculated on the basis of pension and related to the service.
Pension card is a card in which all details related to pensioners such as age, allowances, amount etc are mentioned.
Pension entitlement is the amount of pension which someone has the right to receive when he or she retires.
Pensioner is a person who receives or lives on a pension.
Pension papers are the documents to get pension.
Pension payment order is a document ordering the payment of pension money.
Pension pay order is a document ordering the payment of pension money.
Pension scheme means the scheme of pension granted to a public officer on his retirement from service.
Having five fingers on each hand or foot.
Something which is devided into 5 parts such as the flower.
A valency of five.
Pentium is a family of 32 - bit CPU chips from Intel.
A group of seed bearing plants which were seen around 250 million years back.
Pen tray is used to keep one or more pens at one place.
Penultimate means coming next - to - last in a sequence.
State of extreme poverty.
A peon can not open an account on Internet.
A peon can not open an account on Internet.
Peon book is the list of workers name and other details.
A herb which bears white flowers and wooly leaves and which is commercially grown for its oil which is oungent.
A digestive enzyme which is found in gastric juice.
An enzyme which facilitates the process of protein digestion.
Capable of digestion.
Erosion in the lining of the stomach.
A compoud which is composed of several amino acids and which are interlinked to each other.
The PER shows the relationship between the stock price and the companys earnings.
Through abdomen.
Through abdomen.
Per annum means annually or per year.
Through anus.
By the person who delivers letters etc.
Per capita means per head or for each person.
To each individual.
Per capita expenditure means expenses on each person of the nation.
Per capita income means yearly generated income of per person in the country.
The total space of land per person.
This machine gives 95 percent result in translation.
Percentage is a rate or proportion as a fraction of 100.
Percentage is a rate or proportion as a fraction of 100.
A part of a whole expressed in hundredths.
Percentage check is an examination of something on the basis of percentage.
The proportion of overdues to the amount required to be paid for which demand is raised.
Points / numbers secured out of one hundred.
Percentage rate is the basis of charge for borrowing something which is calculated on per hundred.
Percentage recoveries means gained or restored in percentage.
The object related to perception.
Recognizing an object or idea
The mental process of becoming awareness
The act of perceiving.
Capable of perception.
To pass through a small hole.
Exudation
The act of filtering a liquid through a permeable medium.
Percolation process is used in physics, chemistry, materials science and computer science.
A coffeepot in which boiling water is forced repeatedly up through a basket of ground coffee beans.
Per contra means on the other hand or on the contrary.
To strike rapidly.
The striking together of two bodies to produce noise.
A striking of hammer.
A small hammer with a rubber head.
Through the skin.
Which is for each day.
The series of steps (scales) fixed per day.
An authoritative direction which is imperative to be followed.
Perennial means lasting throughout the year or persisting for several years.
Something which lasts for a long time or throughout the year.
A state of competitiveness which lacks nothing and is complete.
A flower which is fully complete or having all flower parts i. e male as well as female parts.
The process of making perfect the sight bill.
Perfective maintenance will save the money of your organization.
Perfective maintenance will save the money of your organization.
When there is rationality of all actors in the market with no arbitrage opportunities.
The state of enjoying complete right of doing some business or dealing in one commodity.
Perfect reflector uses very different approach from Gray World algorithm.
Perfect reflector algorithm uses very different approach from Gray World algorithm.
The state of complete entitlement.
To pierce.
To penetrate any surface.
Have a hole.
Perforated tape gives a quick, hassle - free and clean binding or fastening.
In a perforated tape reader is used in sensed by detecting elements.
An ulcer in the stomach which has eroded completely through the stomach lining.
Abnormal opening in a hollow organ
The act or process of perforating.
A formation hole
A machine whixch is used for perforating the thin materials.
Perforce means necessarily or by force of circumstances.
Performability is used in COBOL language.
Performance means the act of performing or doing something successfully.
Performance appraisal means the assessment of an employee 's performance at work.
Performance audit is an audit which concentrates on analysis and evaluated the management procedures and the overall performance of an organization.
A recurring education reform model. It is a student - centered learning philosophy that focuses on empirically measuring student performance, which are called outcomes. It 's implementations often incorporate a host of many progressive pedagogical models and ideas. In this method, students demonstrate their learned required skills and content. Also called "Outcome - Based Education" or "Achievement - Based Education".
These are a type of guarantee issued by the bank with authority of the customer stating that if the seller fail to carry out the terms of the contract the buyer may claim stated amount as compensation.
Performance budget is a medium - to short - range budget used in governmental accounting.
Performance budgeting means to make a medium - to short - range budget used in governmental accounting.
Performance efficiency means actual output of a person compared with the desired or planned output.
This is a type of guarantee issued by a bank assuring the party to compensate in case the other party fails to perform the contract according to terms.
Performance index is the ratio of standard hours to the hours of work actually used.
Something that is granted to encourage according to the state of execution / carrying out the assigned work.
Performance monitor is composed by four fully configurable small graphs and it can work in the tray area also.
Performance monitoring software used in verify network connectivity to devices and application services.
Performance rating means an assessment of performance of an employee, company, product etc.
Performance register is a register in which all performance records related to an employee or company are maintained.
Performance report is a report on the performance of an employee or company.
Performance report is a report on the work performance of an employee or company.
Performance review means the assessment of an employee 's performance at work.
To force a fluid through.
The act of perfusing.
Which is for each person.
All around, or near.
Prefix that means around or about of anything.
nflammation of tissue which is present around a gland.
Situated around the anus.
A collection of pus outside the anus.
The cover of the flower which includes the sepals and petals.
Inflammation of the adventitia of the aorta and the surrounding tissues.
An inflammation of the tissue which are surrounding the vermiform appendix.
An autonomic plexus with an artery.
Inflammation related to the outer coat of an artery.
Inflammation of tissues which are present around a joint capsule.
Surrounding a joint.
Around an axis.
A tissue present in the plant root and stem which gives rise to a protective layer.
Inflammation of the tissues surrounding the bronchial tubes.
Excision related to the pericardial sac.
Surrounding the heart.
A procedure in which a needle is used to remove fluid from the pericardial sac surrounding the heart.
Incision inside the pericardium.
Related to pericarditis.
Inflammation of a thin layer of specialized tissue surrounding the heart.
A covering of the heart.
The fibroserous membrane, covering the heart.
The conical sac of fibrous tissue which surrounds the heart.
An attachment between the pericardium to the heart muscle.
The outer covering of the matured plant ovary or the fruit.
Related to the tissues surrounding a cell.
A whorl of leaves which surround the stalk of the fruit.
Belong to perichondrium.
Infection of the tissue surrounding the cartilage of the earlobe or ear canal.
The fibrous membrane of connective tissue covering the surface of cartilage except at the endings of joints.
Around the colon.
Inflammation of the peritoneum.
Inflammation related to the connective tissue around the vagina.
Surrounding the area of cornea.
Inflammation related to the pericranium.
The external periosteum which covers the outer surface of the skull.
Tissues present in the root of the plant and located inside the endodermis.
Surrounding a cyst.
Inflammation of the tissues around the urinary bladder.
A mesenchymal type of cell found around a capillary.
Belong to gums.
An inflammation of the gingiva present around a partially erupted tooth.
A superficial layer of cells that develops from the primordial single - cell - layered epidermis.
The layer which is present on bark, roots of plants which is protective in nature.
The thick fibrous membrane that forms the outer layer of the testis.
Inflammation of the perididymis.
Inflammation related to the tissues around the intestinal diverticulum.
Around a follicle.
Inflammatory infiltrate that surrounds the hair follicles.
Around the stomach.
Inflammation related to the peritoneal layer of the stomach.
The mucous layer of the tongue.
A structure resembling a sac which covers the fruit in certain species of flowering plants.
A cup shaped flower having sepals and petals and having the ovary situated at the base of the flower.
Inflammation of the peritoneal covering of the liver.
Inflammation of the tissues around the jejunum.
The cell body of a neuron that contain the nucleus and organelles.
Inflammation related to the tissues around the larynx.
The fluid which is present around the membranous labyrinth of the internal ear.
nflammation of the uterus and its peritoneal covering.
The serous peritoneal layer of the uterus.
The space between the scrotum and the excretory part i. e the anus.
during, or after the time of birth;
Related to the period around childbirth.
Belong to the perineum.
Herniation of intestine into the perineum.
The region that overlying the pelvic outlet.
Structure present in the region between the anus and vulva of certain plant root parasitic worms.
A surgical procedure that repairs damage to the perineum.
Suture of the perineum.
Incision into the perineum.
The connective and fatty tissue present around the kidney.
Inflammation related to the tissues surrounding a kidney.
The area lying between the vulva and the anus in the female and the scrotum and the anus in the male.
The area between the anus and the scrotum in the males.
Inflammation related to the perineurium.
The sheath of connective tissue that covers a bundle of nerve fibers.
Period means an amount of time.
Period means an amount of time.
A certain duration.
An interval of time.
A certain division of time.
A bill which is payable after expiry of a fixed period.
Occuring at regular interval.
Having repeated cycles.
Some technician works on periodic basis.
Periodical are publications which are issued at regular intervals.
Periodical adjustment is the adjustment to complete the work or project on time.
The audit which is conducted at a fixed regular interval.
Periodical charges register is a register in which period wise all expenses are recorded.
Examination which is conducted at a regular interval.
Periodical increment certificate is a certificate of periodical increment which is given to each employee after completing the certain period of time.
Periodical inspection is an overview which has been done after certain period of time.
Periodical report is a report on the work performance of an employee or company which has been presented after certain period of time.
Periodical return is a return which has been generated after certain period of time.
Information on various counts which is required to be furnished in prescribed forms.
The term used in agriculture land where record of new settlers on the land is prepared at a regular interval.
The act of verifying something which is done at a regular interval with element of surprise.
The process of finding out / assess value of something at a regular interval.
Periodical valuation method is the method of valuation on the work performance of an employee or company which has been used after certain period of time.
Periodical verification is the verification which has been done after certain period of time.
Balances which are taken at an interval of time for tallying.
Tendency to recurrence at regular intervals.
The state of being periodic.
Discharge occuring at equal or regular intervals.
Ups and downs occuring at regular intervals.
The condition of being current.
The money in use in a country during a period.
The period during which condition of disability persists.
A time of pregnancy
This is with reference to the bill not expressed payable on demand or at sight its maturity is on 3rd day after the day it is expressed to be payable.
Period of notice means the time period preceding the expiration of a contract during which the buyer can be called upon to accept delivery.
The certain period of time during which services have been rendered.
Around the tooth.
The fibrous connective - tissue layer that cover the cementum of a tooth.
The branch of dentistry affecting the disease of tissues and structures that surround teeth.
A dentist who specializes in periodontics.
Any form of disease affecting the periodontium.
The tissues which are investing and support the teeth.
A degenerative disease related to the periodontal ligament and tooth sockets.
The time period of review is known as period under review.
Capable of being wounded.
The periosteum related to the orbit.
Belong to the periosteum.
A full - thickness of the corneal transplant.
Inflammation of the periosteum.
A benign tumor that arise from the periosteum.
The thick fibrous membrane covering the entire surface of a bone except its articular cartilag
A fibrous sheath that covers bones.
Inflammation related to the tissues around the pancreas.
Relating to or situated at the periphery.
Located away from the center.
Peripheral address will display on machine.
The PCI and USB peripheral busses are commonly used in PCs.
Unable to reach a blood up to peripheral tissue.
Peripheral component interconnect provides a shared data path between the CPU and peripheral controllers.
Peripheral control is very important for central processing unit.
Peripheral control unit, interprets and responds to instructions from the central processing unit.
Peripheral control unit, interprets and responds to instructions from the central processing unit.
Keyboard, mouse, printer, CD - ROM drive, internal modem etc. are the examples of peripheral device.
Keyboard, mouse, printer, CD - ROM drive, internal modem etc. are the examples of peripheral equipment.
Peripheral interface adapter was used in the Apple I to interface the ASCII keyboard and the display.
Peripheral interface adapter was used in the Apple I to interface the ASCII keyboard and the display.
Peripheral interface channel is working properly.
Peripheral interface channel is working properly.
Related to the peripheral nervous system.
Peripheral nerve net was seen to be present in the gut of the specimen organism.
Part of nervous system which is present in the other parts of the body other than the brain and the spinal cord.
Peripheral node is used in SNA - based network.
Peripheral node is used in SNA - based network.
This peripheral device will perform the peripheral operation.
This peripheral device will perform the peripheral operation.
Peripheral processor controls the transfer of information between main memory and the peripheral device.
Peripheral processor controls the transfer of information between main memory and the peripheral device.
Equipments which are of minor importance.
Peripheral subsystem gives greater connectivity than other storage subsystems.
In Peripheral transfer data can also be transfer between a peripheral unit and the central processing unit (CPU) of a computer.
A layer that forms the boundary of an area.
Inflammation of the tissues surrounding a vein.
Inflammation around the pleura.
Pneumonia.
A part which is present at the anus of organisms such as worms.
Inflammation of the tissues which are present about the rectum.
Inflammation of the tissues that surrounds the prostate.
Surrounding the kidney.
Inflammation of the peritoneum that covers the uterine tube.
The peritoneal layer that covers the uterine tube.
Perishable means decay, spoilage or destruction, especially naturally subject to quick decomposition or decay.
Perishable goods means those materials which spoiled or decay very quickly.
Inflammation related to the outer covering of the spleen.
The movement of the intestine
A series of organized muscle contractions which occur throughout the digestive tract.
Wavy movement of the digestive tract of various organisms to allow food movement.
Related to peristalsis.
Belong to peristalsis.
A wavy contraction of the digestive tract in such way that it moves the food down.
Structure resembling small appendages or teeth present in the opening of the plant.
Teeth present on the opening or mouth of plants or insects.
The regular interval between the diastole and systole of the heart.
A procedure carried out in eye surgery.
Related to the peritoneum.
Belong to the periosteum.
Affecting the periosteum.
Inflammation and other related disease of the peritoneum.
Division related with the intraabdominal adhesions and coverage of raw surfaces with peritoneum.
An instrument used to examine body cavities.
Internal examination of the peritoneum through an incision in the abdominal wall.
Incision related to the peritoneum.
A membrane covering peritoneal cavity
A thin membrane that lines the abdominal and pelvic cavities.
An inflammation of the peritoneum.
Belong to an area around a tonsil.
Affecting the area around a tonsil.
Inflammation related to the peritonsillar tissues.
A layer of chitin which is a present on the gut of insects and which is semipermiable.
Inflammation related to the connective tissue about the cecum and appendix.
Pain around the umbilicus.
Related to the tissues around a ureter.
Inflammation related to the tissues about a ureter.
Around the urethra.
Inflammation of the tissue which are present around the urethra.
Around the vagina.
Located around a vessel.
Inflammation of the tissues around a viscus.
Perjury is a criminal offense of knowingly giving false statements under oath.
Perjury is a criminal offense of knowingly giving false statements under oath.
The volutary violation of an oath.
Perl is frequently used for creating CGI programs on web servers and it can also read and write binary files.
A mojor subdivision of winged aquatic insects and having a flat body.
A series of lesions inside the corners of the mouth.
Permanency means a person or thing that is permanent.
Permanent means existing perpetually.
A definitive
Permanent account number is unique alphanumeric identification code issued to all juristic entities and people under the Indian Income Tax Act 1961.
Permanent address is a hometown address where a person stay always and can receive official documents.
Permanent advance is an advance of something which is given permanently.
Permanent appointment means an appointment in a job which is permanent in nature.
Cartilage which never replaced by bone.
Permanent circuit is a highly flexible network technology.
Permanent circuit is a highly flexible network technology.
The sum of money set aside for some specific purpose which is of lasting nature.
Placing funds into capital of a business or otherwise place funds / buying assets to earn more money which may be of lasting nature.
Permanent lessee is a lessee who is permanent.
Permanent memory is generally used for the task of secondary storage or long - term persistent storage.
Permanent memory is generally used for the task of secondary storage or long - term persistent storage.
Permanent pensionable post is a post which is entitled for pension and given to permanent employees.
Permanent pensionable post is a permanent government post in which per month a certain amount of money is given after the retirement.
Permanent post is a permanent government post, which has definite time period of retirement.
One who is enjoying confirmed status in his job.
An arrangement of agreement that is for all future time.
The most commonly used permanent storage is the computer hard disk drive.
The second set of teeth of human teeth.
A definitive teeth in the adult.
A tissue which has undergone the development phase and no longer contributes in cell division.
Permanent travelling allowance is the travelling allowance which is given permanently.
Permanent vacancy is a vacancy for job which is offered during all the year.
Permanent virtual circuit is a highly flexible network technology.
A substance that can absorb or allow passage of water.
The process of spreading through
To spread across the substance by penetrating through small porelike openings.
Per mensem means every month.
Permissible means permitted according to rule.
Permissible means permitted according to rule.
Which is allowable by law or rules upto some extent fixed.
Permissible limit is a limit of something which is permitted according to rule.
Permissible quantity permit is a permit of business to import and export the goods.
Permission means formal consent or approval to do something.
Permission means formal consent or approval to do something.
Permit means formal consent or approval to do something.
Permit is a legal document or certificate giving permission to do something.
Programmer have an idea about permit and link file.
Permit holder is a person who has the formal consent or approval to do something.
Permitted means formal consent or approval to do something.
Permitted means formal consent or approval to do something.
The permutations of numbers (6, 7, 8) are (6, 7, 8) (7, 8, 6) (8, 6, 7) (8, 7, 6) (6, 8, 7) (7, 6, 8).
Performed through the nose.
Destructive; harmful.
Highly destructive.
Something which is dangerous, deadely or harmfull.
Causing death.
Exceedingly harmful.
Inflammatory lesion of the skin.
A blood vessel disorder that causes skin lesions on the extremities.
A congenital condition that results in deformity of the digits.
Per office failure rate will be calculated by him.
Related to the fibula.
Performed by way of the mouth.
Through the mouth.
A nutritional deficiency disease of manganese.
A catalyst or enzme present as a group in the body and carrying out compund oxidation.
Chemical compound containing two oxygen atoms.
At an angal of 90 to a line of surface.
Very steep fall in the prices.
Perpetual means continuing or lasting for eternity.
Perpetual means continuing or lasting for eternity.
Perpetual means continuing or lasting for eternity.
Such debentures which have no definite date for repayment.
An insurance which has not fixed time / age limit but is for ever.
A system of exercising regular control over goods at hand.
The right of succeeding which continues without stopping.
Perpetuity means indefinitely existence.
Perquisites means any monetary or other incidental benefit beyond salary.
Perquisites means any monetary or other incidental benefit beyond salary.
Perquisites means any monetary or other incidental benefit beyond salary.
Through the way of rectum.
The tendency of anything to persist or recur.
Something which remains for long or remains unattached.
A condition where the virus and infection caused by the virus remains for a long duration of time.
Without persistence, data would only exist in RAM.
Continuously, constant, preserving.
A condition of something reminaing there for long.
The inflation which is refusing to relent.
Losses which are continuing despite efforts to control.
Persistent unemployment is an unemployment which exist perpetuity.
Personal means a particular person or his or her private life and personality.
Belong to a particular person.
Concerning a person 's private life,.
An account which is peculiar to a person as an individual.
Personal advance is the amount of money which is given to the particular person in advance.
Personal allowance is a specified amount that a taxpayer may deduct from his or her taxable income for self or for each person who qualifies as a his or her dependent.
Personal assets means property which belongs to a particular person and personal in nature.
Personal bond is a written undertaking, to pay a debt or perform an obligation.
Personal claim is the claim for personal reasons.
A personal computer may be a desktop computer, a laptop computer or a tablet computer.
A personal computer may be a desktop computer, a laptop computer or a tablet computer.
Through personal computing you can access this data.
Personal contact programme is the programme to increase personal contacts.
The quality of being trustworthy as an individual.
Personal data is the Information about an individual person, such as name, age, occupation, martial status etc.
Personal deposit account is a savings personal account in which banking institution allows money to be deposited and money can be withdrawn by the account holder.
Personal deposits are those deposits which can be done personally in personal account.
Personal effect means privately owned items, such as keys, an identification card, a wallet or watch etc.
Belongings of someone.
Property belonging to a particular person.
Taking of responsibility by an individual for performance of some obligation or meet a liability in case of default by the person under obligation to do so.
History relating to a persons private life.
Cleanliness of self body.
Personal identification mark is a mark which is used to verify a person 's personal identity.
Personal identification numbers are often used for ATMs.
Personal identification numbers are often used for ATMs.
A number allotted by the bank to a customer for facilitating transactions in accounts / ATM etc.
Personal information.
Personality means the quality and traits of being a person or personal identity.
A variety of mental attitude characteristics that distinguishes a person.
Personality clash means contradiction of views and traits between two or more people.
Personality test is a test involving a standardized series of questions or tasks, used to describe or evaluate a person 's personality characteristics.
Change in the personality.
Personal liability is a legal liability for accidental injury to a third party or accidental damage to their property.
A loan facility extended by the bank to an individual.
Personal pay is like a dearness allowance which is always paid as a percentage of basic salary.
Personal property means asset which belongs to a particular person and personal in nature.
Possibility of incurring loss taken by an individual.
Safety of a person or individual.
An individual who makes oneself responsible for another.
Tax imposed on the earnings of an individual.
Valuable personal possessions in great quantity.
Persona non grata is a person who for some reason is not wanted or acceptable.
To have similar physical appearance, or to look similar to something.
Personnel means the people employed in an organization for the service.
Personnel means the people employed in an organization for the service.
Personnel development means the development of people employed in an organization for the service.
The work relating to appointment, training and welfare of the employees of an organisation.
Personnel policy is a manual contains the policies, regulations and procedures of the State personnel office which apply to employees of state agencies, universities, boards and commissions.
Personnel section is a section which generated the materials and regularly maintained it.
Persons who are born in India or whose ancestors were from India.
Perspective means representation of view regarding any specific situation or matter.
Perspective projection represents three - dimensional view in a two - dimensional space.
Excessive sweating.
The act of perspiring.
Persuade is the process of guiding people to adopt a certain position, belief, idea, attitude or action.
Persuasion is the act of persuading or the state of being persuaded.
PERT is a model for project management.
PERT is a model for project management.
Pertinent means pertaining or relating directly and significantly to the matter.
This algorithum is under the pertinent area of computing.
Through a tube.
whooping cough.
An acute inflammation of larynx causes spasm in the larynx.
A highly contagious bacterial disease that causes violent coughing.
Through the urethra.
Perusal means reading carefully with intent to remember.
Perusal is the act of carefully reading or examining.
One of the most effective tonics for the cure of intermitting fever.
The bark of Cinchona from which quinine and related medicinal alkaloids are obtained.
The act of perverting.
The actual act of perverting.
To bring to the worse condition.
Permiting penetration.
That allowing passage through.
The distal segment related to the hind limb of the vertebrates.
The tendinous expansions of the sartorius. at the medial border of the tuberosity of the tibia.
A footlike part.
A high arch of the foot.
A condition of the foot in which the toes are extremely flexed.
A condition where the arch of the foot collapses.
A medicated vaginal pessary.
A type of contraceptive diaphragm.
Any disease of wide prevalence.
A dangerous epidemic disease.
An epidemic where large swarm of insects tend to destroy plants.
An insect or other organisms which tend to destroy the crops or vegetation.
A process of cleaning the environment of pests which tends to destroy food, and causes sicknesses.
Pesticide is a chemical used to kill pests.
A compound or chemical which is used to eliminate pests.
A chemical used to kill pests.
The maximum amount of pesticided that can be used on vegetation or crops.
Producing infectious disease.
A usual epidemic disease.
An instrument in the shape of a rod with one rounded and weighted extremity.
A club - shaped tool for grinding
A process of identifying, controlling the growth and eliminating pests and their effects.
A process by which the destroyed pest tends to come into force or get functional.
Permanent eversion of the foot.
Inversion of the foot.
Bright colored leaf like structure which makes the corolla.
Something which resemble the flower petal in terms of its shape and appearance.
Minute hemorrhagic spots on the skin.
Pinpoint flat round red spots found under the skin surface.
A small purplish spot present on a body surface.
Peterson 's algorithm is an algorithm to provide mutual exclusion.
Having a petiole.
A thin stem or stalk which supports the leaf and its midrib.
The agricultural operations which are taken up at a small scale.
Petition is a formal written document requesting for right or benefit.
Petition is a formal written document requesting for right or benefit.
Petitioner is a person who presents a petitions in the court for redress of a grievance or recovery of a right.
Petitioning creditor is a creditor who applying to the court for the sequestration of a debtor.
A form of epilepsy with unannounced lapses in consciousness.
Mild convulsive seizure.
A type of epilepsy, occurring most often found in children.
Minor epilepsy, in which the momentary loss of consciousness is found.
A shallow covered dish made up of plastic or glass.
A dark - coloured and thick flammable crude oil.
A dark coloured slippery liquid obtained from naturally occuring substance containing hydrocarbons.
Belong to the petrous and the mastoid portions of the temporal bone of the skull.
The petrous portion of the temporal bone.
Belong to the petrous bone.
Inflammation of the petrous portion.
Related to rock like.
Hard portion of the temporal bone.
The petrous portion of the temporal bone.
Resemble a stone.
Petties means retail expenses of something.
The amount of cash which is maintained to be spent on small or minor items of business.
Petty cash expenditure are those retail expenses which has done in cash.
A petty cash receipt is an invoice or receipt for items or services bought out of petty cash.
Petty contingent expenditure are those retail expenses which has done incidentally.
Petty objections are those remonstrates which can be solved easily and have no major issues.
PPatches related to lymphoid nodules.
Oval and elevated patches which are closely packed lymph follicles present in the small intestine.
Press PFK first.
Press PF key first.
Hypersensitivity to protein, which is related to the lens of the eye.
Hernia which is related to the lens of the eye.
Softening which is related to the lens of the eye.
An instrument used for viewing accommodative changes of the eye lens.
Algae which are brown and mostly inhibit the sea.
A cell that destroys bacteria
A virus which survives on the bacteria as its host causing its death.
A rapidly spreading ulcer with sloughing.
Belong to phagedena.
Related to deadly Phagedaena.
A phagedenic ulcerous tumour.
Phage classification
A cell ingesting bacteria, foreign particles,
White blood cell which engulfs and absorbs harmful waste material.
A cell which is capable of engulfing other cells or foreign matter.
Related to the Phagocytes.
The process of ingestion of bacteria.
A process by which phagocytes engulf other cells or particles.
A process of engulfing bacteria and other harmfull foreign matter by cells acting as defence system.
black plague
Relating to a phalanx.
Belong to a phalanx.
The small bones related to the fingers and toes.
Bone of digit of hand
Pain belong to the penis.
Removal of the penis by surgery.
Belong to phallicism.
Inflammation related to the penis.
A penis covering used by used by man in remote areas which are made from the hallow dried shell of a climbing plant.
A type of plastic surgery of the penis.
Incision inside the penis.
A tube like long structure present inside the penis of the insects through which sperm ejeculation occurs.
The penis.
A family of fungi which has a cap like structure hanging on top of the stem.
A type of apparition.
Fancy imagination
A type of fantasy.
Any illusive thing.
The mental imagery produced by fantasy.
Phantom is an image that appears only in the mind.
Phantom circuit is used in telecommunication and electrical engineering.
The amount of profit which is without substance or reality.
Related to that have no physical reality.
Ipornea Hederacea.
Relating to pharmacy
Belong to pharmacy.
The science of pharmaceutical systems.
The science related to preparing and dispensing drugs.
One who is licensed to dispense medicine
One who is licensed to prepare and dispense medicine
A person who is trained in pharmacy.
Study related to the changes in concentration of a drug.
Belong to pharmacogenetics.
The study realted to inter - individual variations in DNA sequence related to drug response.
The branch of pharmacology that related with drugs in their crude or natural state.
A specialist in pharmacology.
A specialist deals in medications and their effects on the body.
The science concerned with pharmacy.
The science of drugs that include their composition, uses and effects.
A encyclopedia of medicine
A encyclopedia of pharmacy
A collection related to drugs.
Related to Pharmacopoea.
A treatment of disease with drugs
Pharmacy is a science related to preparing and dispensing drugs or medicines.
The art which is related to its preparartin and dispension of drugs.
The place where medicine is prepared and dispensed.
Pain related to the pharynx.
Related to pharynx.
Related to the pharynx.
Belong to the pharynx.
Located in the pharynx.
A mass of nerve cells composed of neurons and located in the region of the throat or pharynx.
Oiginated in the pharynx.
Coming from the pharynx.
The total or partial surgical removal of the pharynx.
Obstruction related to the pharynx.
Inflammation of pharynx
A sore throat which is caused by inflammation of the back of the throat.
Pain related to the pharynx.
Belong to the pharynx and the epiglottis.
The pharynx and the epiglottis.
Belong to the pharynx and the tongue.
Belong to the pharynx and the larynx.
Excision of the hypopharynx and larynx.
Inflammation related to both the pharynx and the larynx
The branch of medical science related with the pharynx and its diseases.
A fungal infection of the mucous membrane of the pharynx.
Any disease of the pharynx.
Plastic surgery related to the pharynx.
Paralysis related to the muscles of the pharynx.
Inflammation related to the mucous membrane of the pharynx and the nasal cavity.
An instrument which is used to examine the pharynx.
Inspection of the pharynx.
Spasm related to the pharyngeal muscles.
Stricture related to the pharynx.
Incision related to the pharynx.
Inflammation related to the pharynx and tonsils.
Related to the tympanic cavity and the nasopharynx.
A throat
A chamber present at at the oral end of the vertebrate alimentary canal.
Phase is a stage in a process of development.
Any of the recurrent stages related to the variation.
A stage or part of the development and growth cycle of the organisms.
Phase change constant usually expressed in radians per unit length.
Phase constant usually expressed in radians per unit length.
Phased is a distinct stage of development.
Phased conversion is a gradual process from old to new.
Phased conversion is a gradual process from old to new.
Phase decoder means synchronizing received phase encoded data.
Phase distortion is an unwanted modification of a transmitted signal.
The amount which is repaid in a distinct period or stages.
Phase encode is also known as Manchester coding.
Phase encoding is also known as Manchester coding.
A line code in which the encoding of each data bit has at least one transition and occupies the same time. Also called manchester coding; manchester code.
Phase - frequency distortion is an unwanted modification of a transmitted signal.
Phase jitter is a fluctuation in a transmission signal or display image.
Phase - locked loops are widely used in radio, telecommunications, computers and other electronic applications.
Phase locked oscillator provide very low noise and low spurious outputs at frequencies from 1 to 640 MHz.
Phase locked oscillator provide very low noise and low spurious outputs at frequencies from 1 to 640 MHz.
Phase - locked subharmonic oscillator provide very low noise and low spurious outputs at frequencies from 1 to 640 MHz.
Phase lock loops are widely used in radio, telecommunications, computers and other electronic applications.
Phase modulation is used in high speed modems.
Through phase modulation recording, you can encode the data.
A legume puls grown mostly in warm part of the year and primarily grown to make dal.
A green spherical seed whichlater turns to yellow and borne by vigna radiata.
Binary phase - shift keying uses two opposite signal phases which is the simplest phase shift keying technique.
The amount of money which is in small quantity.
A sensory organ present as a pore in the posterior part of certain worms.
A tropical insect having a cylindrical structure and feeding on plant foliage.
A major subdivision of insects which have shape and color which resembles the plant part.
One of the two groups of worms used in the categorisation process.
A layer of cells present inside the cambium of plant forming a secondary outer covering in plants.
A layer of maristem cells which gives rise to the outer layer of the stem i. e the bark.
Related to phenyl.
A diagram which depicts the relation of characteristics of different organisms.
A peculiar odor and somewhat resembling creosote.
The increase which is of extraordinary nature.
Phenomenon means an occurrence or circumstance.
An occurrence whichis perceptible by the senses.
An occurrence of any sort
characteristics of an individual.
The observable characteristics
The appearance of an individual that results from genetic makeup and his or her environment.
The way the organisms appears as a result of interraction between the genes and the physical environment during its development phase.
The grouping of species in groups based on the way they look physically.
The univalent radical related to phenol.
A substance which is secreted by insects inorder to send a message or communicate with insects of the same species.
A small bottle for any liquids.
A glass bottle.
Vertical groove in the midline related to the upper lip.
narrowness of the vagina.
Narrowness of the opening of the prepuce of penis.
The tightness of the prepuce of the penis.
Belong to phimosis.
Dilation related to a vein.
Excision of a vein or any part related to a vein
Soppage of a vein by a clot.
Inflammation of a vein.
Inflammation related to a vein.
Radiography related to veins.
An instrument used for making a graphic recording of the venous pulse.
An x ray test that provides an image of the leg veins.
A small local and rounded, calcification within a vein.
The formation of phleboliths.
The branch of medicine related to the study of modern ways of treating varicose vein.
The hardening of the walls of a vein.
The abnormal slow motion of blood inside the veins.
Narrowing of the lumen of a vein.
Formation of a blood clot in a vein.
A cutting instrument used in phlebotomy.
The practice which is related to collecting blood samples
The mucus secreted in the respiratory passages.
Acute inflammation.
Severe inflammation in leg.
Blue appearance of leg due to acute inflammation.
Related to produce the humor phlegm.
Acute suppurative inflammation of subcutaneous connective tissue.
Developed from phlegm.
Related with acute inflammation of the subcutaneous connective tissue.
An intense local inflammatory reaction that causes hardening and thickening of the affected area.
Son of Philip.
A conductive tissue present in the plant which transports food from leaves to the stem and the roots.
A tube like long cells present in the conducting tissue of the plant which acts as a organic food store.
Belong to phlogiston.
Inflammation related to the external parts of the body.
A pinkish yelow nodule on cornea or conjuntiva.
A small blister which is caused by a burn.
A small red nodule of lymphoid cells.
Related with the formation of phlyctenules.
An inflammation of the corneal conjunctiva.
Inflammation of the cornea and conjunctiva.
A form marked by formation of a small and circumscribed lesion at the corneal limbus.
A small form phlyctena.
A fear
An intense and unrealistic fear.
Related to constitute a phobia
A tree with a long bark and having a feather like leaves and grouwn commercially for its sweet fruit i. e dates.
A treee with long bark and feather like leaves and bearing a sweet fruit.
Related to the voice
the process of production of speech sounds by vocal folds
The utterance of sounds by the use of the vocal cords.
Belong to the production of speech sounds.
Related with vocalization.
Phoneme based on vowels and consonants.
Belong to phonetics.
The branch of linguistics which is related to the sounds of speech and their production.
Phonetic system is very candid to him.
Phonetic system is very candid to him.
Related to the nature of sound.
a graphic record of the heart sounds with the help of a phonocardiograph
A graphic record of heart sounds and murmurs.
A device used to monitor and record heart sounds and murmurs.
A device that produces graphic heart sound recordings.
Phonogram is a unit symbol of a phonetic writing system.
A receptor which is used for sound stimuli.
The organ which does the function of sensing sound waves.
A interrelationship between organisms where both are benefitted and the larger one tends to transport the other from place to place.
A type of associatian between organisms where one of the organisms depends on the other for dispersal.
The relative directions related with the eyes during binocular fixation.
The branch of science that deals with the disease carriers and endemic diseases.
any phosphorous - containing lipid that consists mainly of a fatty acid, a phosphate group and a simple organic molecule.
An enzyme which acts as a catalyst in the process of hydrolysing organic phosphate.
A salt of phosphoric acid.
Related to phosphate.
Excessive excretion of phosphates in the urine.
A brief spots of light brought on by eye movement.
a protein containing chemically bound phosphoric acid
Emission of light without burning.
A glow like effect being observed in the material even after the removal of light or other exciting agent from it.
A highly poisonous nonmetallic element.
A process of adding phosphate to an organic compound and the process being catalysed by an enzyme.
Pain which is caused by light.
Related to light.
having the capacity to respond to light or other electromagnetic radiation by chemical reaction
Depending only on light.
denoting chemical changes induced by light
Related to the effects of light.
The study of chemical reactions, isomerizations and its physical behavior
Lenses that darken when exposed to glare from ultraviolet light.
Photoconductor diode are used for both to detect the presence of light and to measure light intensity.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
Photodetector uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Photodevice uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Photodiodes are used for both to detect the presence of light and to measure light intensity.
relating to electric effects produced by light
Photoelectric detector uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Caused by light.
Photographed means to take a photograph.
The art of producing images of objects, using photosensitive surfaces.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
In photo lithography, image is developed on photo - sensitized lithographic plate.
In photo lithography, image is developed on photo - sensitized lithographic plate.
The part of photosynthesis which occurs in the granum of a chloroplast.
Abnormal desire for light.
a device used to measure intensity of light or optical properties of substances
An instrument used for measuring the amount of light.
The measurement of light 's brightness.
photograph of an object taken through a microscope to show its magnified image
A photograph which is made through a microscope.
Photo micrograph can magnify the photo of an object more than ten diameters.
Photo micrograph can magnify the photo of an object more than ten diameters.
He is an expert of photo micrography.
In electronics, a device that uses a short optical transmission path to transfer an electronic signal between elements of a circuit.
A reactive move of an organism with respect to the presence of light.
A response of plants towards light and darkness.
The time for which light is being exposed on an organism.
A rection taking place in an organism which depends on the time for which it is exposed to light.
abnormal intolerance to light
The disliking condition for bright light.
Related to photophobia.
Normal vision in daylight.
A subjective sensation related to lights, sparks and colors.
denoting abnormally increased sensitivity of skin or eyes to light
Increase in the reactivity of the skin with sunlight.
Photo sensor uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Photo sensor uses the principle of photoconductivity.
Photostat means a photocopy made on a Photostat machine.
Photostat copy is a photographic copy of written, printed or graphic work.
Photostat machine makes quick copies directly on the surface of prepared paper.
a chemical process in which carbohydrates are made using carbon dioxide and water by using light as energy source
Treatment with the help of light.
A type of organisms such as the algae having thread like structures associated with it.
Diaphragm.
Madness.
Excessively agitated condition.
A sympathetic ganglion often present in the phrenic plexus.
Related to the diaphragm and colon.
Diaphragmatic spasm.
a condition in which a person has both male and female reproductive organs
a rough dry skin eruption marked by keratosis and usually caused by vitamin A deficiency
a follicular hyperkeratosis generally caused by vitamin A deficiency
A skin disorder due to vitamin A deficiency.
Morbid condition due to inflammation and swelling of the bronchi.
Small lice that infest the hair and head.
Illness related to the lungs or throat.
progressive consumption of an organ, especially of lungs due to tuberculosis
pulmonary tuberculosis
A disease that include the atrophy of the body.
An end - stage ocular stage to sever ocular disease.
Laryngitis with inflammatory fever.
Tuberculosis related to entrails.
Inflammatory disease that involve tuberculosis.
An expectoration of pus from lungs.
The measured value of acidity or basicity which depends on the number of hydrogen ions.
A water soluble colored pigment found in organisms such as the algae.
A blue colored pigment found in organisms which helps to capture light.
A red colored pigment present in the organism which helps it absorb light.
A fungal growth which resemble that to the algae.
A decidous tree which bears a fruit which has a sour taste.
A herb which bears seeds and are located below the leaves that are small in size.
A stem which is flat and broad and acts as the leaf in that plant.
A petiole which expands into a flat structure and doing the function of a leaf.
complete evolutionary developmental history of species
A diagram which depicts the sequential development of a particular group of organisms.
A process of categorising plants based on their characteristics which makes them different from other type of plants.
Like a bubble.
Science related to drug.
of, about or relating to body
Related to the body.
The available physical address space can be smaller than virtual address space in a computer program.
Assets which exists in material form.
Body weakness.
Physical block can not be directly visible to applications.
Physical checking is the checking of full body to detect any disease.
First you should understand the physical circuit.
Physical control procedure is the procedure of managing human power.
The security which has been obtained in material form for keeping in custody.
Physical defect means those body organs that are out of order and devoid of proper operation.
Physical division of property means absolute division of property.
Physical education is the training for the care and development of the human body.
Physical examination is a medical examination to determine the condition of a person 's health or physical fitness.
investigation of body of patient for any signs of disease, generally by means of inspection, palpation, percussion and auscultation
When things are exchanged in material form.
a state of physical well - being
Physical fitness certificate is the proof of physical fitness.
Physical interface can be permanent electrical joint between two wires or devices.
The Physical layer is the first and lowest layer in the seven - layer OSI model of computer networking.
The Physical layer is the first and lowest layer in the seven - layer OSI model of computer networking.
Physically handicapped means people having a physical disability or impairment.
Physically retarded child is a child who is suffering from physical disability or impairment.
The branch of medicine deals with the management of physical disabilities.
A physical record can contain one or several logical records or a part of a logical record.
Physical record block can contain one or several logical records or a part of a logical record.
Physical security prevents unauthorized use or access of equipments.
The stock of goods which is available in material form.
Something which is aimed to be achieved in material form.
A branch of science deals with the rehabilitative health.
Each node in an Systems Network Architecture (SNA) contains at least one physical unit.
Physical verification means observation, listing, counting, and measuring of the assets of a company.
Physical verification of cash at the treasury means observation and measuring of cash at the treasury.
Physical verification of Imprest cash means observation and measuring of given advance cash.
Physical verification of store means observation and measuring of store.
Generally physical volume is used as a hard disk.
an authorized person who practices medicine as distinct from surgery
an individual who has been educated, trained and authorized to practice medicine
A person who practices general medicine.
A person who specializes in physics.
A scientist who practices physics.
Related to both physical and chemical properties.
The science related to matter and energy.
Related to both physiology and chemistry.
assessement of character and mental qualities by study of face
denoting an organism 's normal functioning
Related to physiology.
A condition of water shortage for plant even though there is a lot of water in the soil.
Organisms which have a similar physical structure but differ in their functions.
The study of the organs with their functions.
The presence of more than one form of pathogens beloning to a particular species on a particular host.
A biologist who is specializes in physiology.
a branch of biology that deals with study of normal functioning in living organism
The study of life.
Related to physical therapy.
treatment by physical or mechanical means such as massage, heat, regulated exercse, etc
Person who treats injury with exercises.
The therapeutic use of physical agents through massage or exercises.
Physique means physical or bodily structure of the human body.
Gas present in the uterine cavity.
Flatulence.
A grup of insects which are small in size and suck blood for survival.
A substance produced by plant which acts as an antibiotic protecting it from getting infected from pathogens.
A plant which is a parasite.
Organisms which consume plant as their food.
Any disease which is caused by a phytoparasite.
PIA was used in the Apple I to interface the ASCII keyboard and the display.
Tthe thin vascular membrane which invests the brain and spinal cord.
A type of muscular disease.
Fat or Corpulent in appearance.
The compulsive eating of nonfood substances.
Pick and place robot has been developed to achieve automation in applications where great care is not needed.
Pick and place robot has been developed to achieve automation in applications where great care is not needed.
PICO denotes two things: text editor and Prefix for units of measurement.
PICO denotes two things: text editor and Prefix for units of measurement.
Picosecond is one thousandth of a nanosecond.
Pictorial means pertaining to or consisting of pictures.
Pictural means pertaining to or consisting of pictures.
Picture elements are normally arranged in a 2 - dimensional grid but sometimes represented using dots or squares also.
A picture specification describes either a character data item or a numeric character data item.
Picture tube is used in televisions and computer monitors.
Piece and bonus plan is a form of incentive program under which a bonus is paid to employees in accordance with rules concerning eligibility and performance targets.
Piecemeal means accomplished or made in stages.
Piecemeal means one piece at a time.
Piece meal clearance means evacuation partially.
When information is being collected one by one and not in whole at a time.
Piece meal goods means a portion or quantity of some substance or material.
Piece rate is a wage determination system in which the employee is paid for each unit of production at a fixed rate.
The number of notes in a packet / handle in.
The amount of wages which is paid according to the number of things one produces or make rather than hour of work.
Piece wages can be defined as a sum of money paid to the staff by the employer for rendering services as per a contract.
Piece work means the type of employment in which a worker is paid a fixed "piece rate" for each unit produced or action performed.
Piece worker is a person or worker who get the fixed rate piece wage for each unit produced or action performed.
Piece work record is a record in which all details like piece work, piece rate, piece wages etc are recorded.
A pie chart is a specialized graph used in statistics.
An asymptomatic superficial fungal infection related to the hair shaft.
A pie graph is a specialized graph used in statistics.
A pointed structure associated with the mouth aiding it in consuming food.
An outward protrusion of the chest in which the sternum is pressed outward.
A condition in which the breastbone protrudes forwards.
Pigeonhole principle is based upon the observation that pigeons will not occupy a pigeonhole that already contains a pigeon.
A leguminous shrub grown for its seeds which acts as a good source of nutrients.
any colouring material present in living tissue
Dry coloring matter and an insoluble powder.
A substance which is found in plants giving them a distinct color.
Related to pigments.
Colouration of tissue due to excessive deposition of pigment
The coloring which is related to the skin, hair, mucous membranes and retina of the eye.
To color with pigment.
The amount of deposits which are in very small quantity.
Use of funds by the government for projects initiated to win support of electorates / voters.
You should pile - on the programe files.
Having much hair.
painful swellings formed by the dilation of veins at the margin of anus or nearby within the rectum
painful swellings at the anus caused by enlarged veins in the rectum and anus
Pain while passing stools.
A cap like structure present on the erect stalk such as a mushroom.
Pilferage is a recurrent theft of small items of little value.
Pilferer is a thief who steals small amount or item without using violence.
Pilgrim is a person who journeys to a sacred place as an act of religious devotion.
The part of the root which bears minute roots in the form of hair.
a small rounded solid mass of medicine to be swallowed
A small tablet of medicine.
an anatomical structure similar to a pillar or column that usually provides support
A slender and vertical support.
An autonomic nerve that supply an arrector pili muscle.
An embedded ingrown hair.
Hairy appearance.
Related to the hair follicles and sebaceous glands.
Something which is covered by a hairy layer.
Pilot is related to the television.
Charges paid for pilotating a new scheme to some.
The goods which have been sent which are in advance of a larger consignment.
Pilot film is related to the television.
Pilot model is used to debug the manufacturing process.
Pilot model is used to debug the manufacturing process.
Pilot programme is an experimental program planned as a test or trial.
Pilot project is an experimental program planned as a test or trial.
Pilot scheme is an experimental program planned as a test or trial.
Taking a general view on experimental basis.
Pilot tape is related to the television.
Pilot tape is related to the television.
A pill or pilule in reference.
A hair or any structure resembling a hair.
a rod of metal used for securing fixation of body parts
To squeeze between the thumb and a finger.
Pinch rollers are generally made of a soft rubber - like material to be most effective.
Pine uses RFC 822, SMTP, MIME, IMAP or NNTP Internet message protocols and runs under Unix and MS - DOS.
A coniferous evergreen tree bearing long and slender needle shaped leaves.
A small and conical body of rudimentary glandular structure found in the brain.
Worms which are parasitic in nature and feeds on the roots of the pine trees.
A worm which is parasitic in pine trees and tends to make it limp.
Ping is used to test whether a particular host is reachable or not.
Ping is used to test whether a particular host is reachable or not.
Ping of Death Attack refers to such an attack by which an attacker sends an ICMP ECHO request packet that is much larger than the maximum IP packet size to victim and because of the received ICMP echo request packet is bigger than the normal IP packet size that is why the victim system is not able to reassemble the packets.
A small puncture or minute opening being observed in the membrane.
A babyhood mercury poisoning.
An inflammation of the conjunctiva.
A sum of money paid to a person to meet expenditure on purchase of personal items.
the external shell - like part of the ear
The outer visible cartilaginous structure of the external ear.
The first part of the leaf of a feather like compound leaf.
A leaf which resembles a feather with leaves placed opposte on a common axis.
A single leaf which has number of incisions close to the midrib.
A leaf division which has incisions just ending before the mid rib.
Leaf being cut in number of lobes and the incisions almost touch the mid rib.
A worm which acts as a plant parasite.
The topmost or the smallest leaflet of the compound leaf.
PIN number are often used for ATMs.
A proerty of a cell which makes it capable to engulf water droplets through its membrane.
A unit of volume which is equal to 16 ounces.
A group of evergreen plants where leaves are in the form of scales or slender leaves.
Small and white worms that live in the intestines.
A small worms acts as a parasite and found in intestines and which survives by consuming essential nutirents from the body..
A large intestine infection which is caused by a small and white worm.
Pioneer is a person who is first or among the earliest in any field of research, technology, art or enterprise.
In computer programming, pipe is used in one - way communication only.
In computer programming, pipe is used in one - way communication only.
Pipeline made e - mail, chat, Usenet, the World Wide Web, FTP and other Internet features easily accessible to users.
The pipeline burst cache is a common type of static RAM chip which is used for memory caches.
Which is in the supply channel.
Which is in the process of completion.
The deal which is yet to be concluded and is in the process.
Through pipelining more instructions can be executed in a shorter period of time.
A leaf of a grape bearing vine plant and having a medicinal value.
a narrow, graduated glass tube used for suction of required amount of liquid
A small piece of apparatus which consists of a narrow tube.
a slender, graduated tube into which small amounts of liquid are drawn for transfer
Piracy is an unauthorized duplication of goods protected by intellectual property law.
Microsofts Windows and Adobes Photoshop are probably the most pirated softwares of the world.
Microsofts Windows and Adobes Photoshop are probably the most pirated softwares of the world.
Shaped just like a pear.
Pisciculture means breeding and rearing of fish under controlled conditions.
Look like a fish.
Like a pea in size or shape.
The female part of the flower which is composed of the ovary.
A flower showing growth of pitills which has the ability to bear seeds.
A underdeveloped pistil which is not capable or reproducing.
A plant which bears small spherical peas and are consumed as vegetable.
the quality of sound depending on its frequency
the intensity of the sound
A dark viscous substance obtained as a residue in the distillation of organic materials.
A plant which is carniverous and having pitcher shaped leaves with ability to trap insects.
A hawker refers to small wares.
An unsuspected or unexpected earned money.
A soft tissue resembling a spong present in the stem of flowering plants.
The essential and central part.
A tree growing more than 17 meters with pinnate leaves and bearing reddish pods.
The destruction of the central nervous system of an experimental animal.
A slight depression present in the midline just below the sternum.
The act of digging a pit.
A concentrate of pituitary gland.
A depression of the sphenoid bone in which the pituitary gland is present.
Ductless gland of the endocrine system.
A pea - sized gland that is found within a bony structure at the base of the brain.
Hormone released from the posterior lobe of the pituitary.
Skin disease that have lesions that resemble dandruff - like scales.
A chronic skin disorder characterized by patches of lighter skin mainly on the face.
Dry scaly material shed from the scalp.
A skin disorder involving a large, single patch with a spreading rash.
A chronic skin condition with inflammation.
The rate which is of central importance.
Shares of best companies which have very important effect on the share market.
Share which have important effect on the share market.
A joint that permits only rotating movement.
Place this file in another disk drive.
Place this file in another disk drive.
Place this file in another disk drive.
Through PLACE language compilers could be developed quickly and inexpensively.
an inert substance with no pharmacological action that is used in clinical trials for comparison with a drug
An inert drug which is given just to satisfy the patient.
Placement means employment for applicants.
The act of placing someone in position or rank.
Placement service is the service of placement for applicants.
a vascular organ that connects the developing fetus to uterine wall to allow exchange of materials between mother and fetus
a membranous vascular organ formed in the uterus during pregnancy which is attached to the uterine wall and is useful for exchange of materials between mother and fetus
A temporary organ that joins the mother and fetus.
A girdle like placenta.
That have a placenta.
A complication of pregnancy in which the placenta cannot bring enough oxygen and nutrients to a growing baby.
An abnormally thin placenta covering an unusually large area of the uterine lining.
A condition of pregnancy when the placenta is implanted abnormally in the uterus.
An accessory portion with an artery and a vein that connect it with the main placenta.
The orrientation and arrangement of the ovules to the ovary.
A part connecting the foetus with the uterus which is essential for transfer of essential nutrients.
Inflammation related to the placenta.
Radiographic visualization of the placenta.
Place of birth is the place where a person was born.
The portion of space or location from where business is conducted.
The location / building / area or city etc. where goods are to be delivered.
The place to which some person or something is going.
The place where one lives or a place of permanent residence.
Place of work is a place where a person fulfill his duties.
The advantage of being located at a place.
To appoint someone in a job.
A platelike epithelial thickening in the embryo.
Microsofts Windows and Adobes Photoshop are probably the most pirated softwares of the world.
Microsofts Windows and Adobes Photoshop are probably the most pirated softwares of the world.
Microsofts Windows and Adobes Photoshop are probably the most pirated softwares of the world.
A congenital malformation of the skull in infants.
an infectious disease caused by a bacterium Yersinia pestis, transmitted by rodent fleas
an infectious disease transmitted to humans by rodent fleas and marked by high fever, prostration, toxemia, lymph node enlargement and pneumonia.
A serious and life - threatening infectious disease that is transmitted to humans by the bites of rodent fleas.
Plain ascii text file will be helpful for you.
Statistics which are clear and easy to understand.
Plain text does not contain information about text sizes or styles so it is the most efficient way to store text.
Plain text does not contain information about text sizes or styles so it is the most efficient way to store text.
Plaintiff is the party or a person who brings suit in a court.
Which is simple without adding anything.
Plan is a series of steps or a procedure used to achieve an objective.
Plan is a series of steps or a procedure used to achieve an objective.
a scheme or program for an action
The process of forming opinion or assessing the condition of implementation of the plan.
In Planar embedding of the graph, edges intersect only at their endpoints.
In Planar graph, edges intersect only at their endpoints.
In Planar graph, edges intersect only at their endpoints.
A level of existence.
In Plane graph, edges intersect only at their endpoints.
Plan equipment are those equipments which can be used to achieve an objective or plan.
Plan expenditure is an expenditure to complete the plan.
An instrument used to measures the area of a plane figure.
Planned economy is an economic system in which the government controls and regulates production, distribution, prices etc.
Planning is an act of formulating a program for a definite course of action.
Planning is an act of formulating a scheme.
act or process of making a scheme or program to carry out a specific action
Planning is a selection of short and long - term objectives.
Planning game is a formal process which identify needs and produces the desired result in a certain area.
Planning machinery is the mechanism or system of planning.
Planning process is a formal process which identify needs and produces the desired result in a certain area.
Planning process is a formal process which identify needs and produces the desired result in a certain area.
Flat on one side and concave on the other side.
Flat on one side and convex on the other side.
Plan outlay is an expenditure to complete the plan.
Plan period is the time period within which the plan will operate.
Plant is living organism belonging to the kingdom Plantae and capable of photosynthesis.
Plant is living organism belonging to the kingdom Plantae and capable of photosynthesis.
Plant is the complete equipment or apparatus for a particular mechanical process or operation.
a building equipped with machinery for the manufacture of a product
any of the living organisms belonging to kingdom Plantae which lack the power of locomotion and have cellulose walls
A factory and all its equipment.
The sole of the foot.
starchy banana - like greenish fruit that is eaten as a staple food after cooking
any of the various plants of the genus Plantago, with eliptic leaves and dense spikes of small flowers
An account that relates to Factory and machinery.
of, about or relating to the sole of foot
Related with the sole of the foot.
The hollow part on the sole of the foot.
A fibrotic tissue disorder characterized by the presence of excess fibrotic tissue.
A small muscle related to the calf of the leg.
Stroking the lateral part of the sole of the foot with a any sharp object.
Plantation is a large form or estate where cash crops are grown on a large scale.
Plantation is a large form or estate where cash crops are grown on a large scale.
Plant disease is the scientific study of plant diseases that affects plants.
The bearing capacity of the plant.
Plant machinery account is an account which records all the details related of plant and machinery.
The act of protecting the plant / factory.
The act of protecting the young tree (sapling).
A soft, sticky, and colorless deposit on teeths and gums.
yellowish liquid portion of blood
the fluid portion of the blood or lymph
Colorless watery fluid of blood and lymph that contain no cells.
The stem cell related to a plasma cell.
The antibody - secreting cells found in lymphoid tissue.
Plasma display is used in television or personal computers.
A thin peripheral layer in a fertilized egg.
The membrane present after the cell wall which is necessary to protect it from the environment.
A blood purification procedure to treat several autoimmune diseases.
Related to plasma.
A genus of parasitic protozoans of the sporozoan which is a causative organisms of malaria.
Self reproductive proteins.
Compression of the living material present in the cell and occuring due to the loss of water.
a small medicated dressing used to cover small injuries
a pastelike preparation applied to body parts for healing or cosmetic purpose
A mixture of lime or gypsum, sand and water which is used for coating walls and ceilings.
cast made of plaster of Paris which keeps body parts immobilized
a white powder that forms a paste when mixed with water and hardens into a solid, used for making molds or casts
A type of plaster used in art, architecture, fireproofing and medical applications.
a broad, flat, thick piece made up of plaster of Paris
a bandage that is wrapped back and forth with spiral overlapping around a limb or joint
The plastic cards (like credit cards / ATM etc.) which are being used a money.
Plastic prosthetics is an artificial replacement for a missing or non - functioning body part.
A variety of operations performed in order to repair or restore body parts to look normal.
Surgery to remodel or repair.
An industry which makes various type of plastic goods.
A cell composed of pigments and supporting the process of photosynthesis.
A plate like covering present in some organisms which gives them support and protection.
Surgical procedure to repair a defect of any part.
a thin flat anatomical structure
a metal bar used to maintain the ends of a fractured bone in opposition
Rigid body of uniform thickness.
a relatively stable level for a prolonged period
A minute, nonnucleated and disklike cytoplasmic body in mammals.
a minute, disklike, nonnucleated cell in the blood that is involved in clotting of blood
x86 PC is the world 's largest hardware platform.
x86 PC is the world 's largest hardware platform.
Platform ticket means rail ticket issued by railway systems, permitting the bearer to access the platforms of a railway station.
Platinum jubilee is a celebration held to mark a 100th anniversary.
A genus of marine and bottom - dwelling fishes.
Simplest and bilaterally symmetrical and triploblastic animal.
Have a broad pelvis.
A platyrrhine monkey with a broad flat nose.
Player is a person who plays a musical instrument.
Player is a person who participates in a game or sport.
Player is a person who participates in a game or sport.
Plaza means a public square or open space in a city or town.
Plea is an appeal or humble request for help from authority.
Plea is an appeal or humble request for help from authority.
Plea is an allegation offered in pleading a case.
Plead is an appeal or humble request for help from authority.
Pleader is a lawyer or an advocate who pleads cases in court.
Pleading guilty is the accused acceptence of an offence.
Pleasure is the state of feeling of being pleased.
Plebiscite is a direct vote of the voters of a state in regard to some important public question.
A group of aquatic insects with flat body which are commonly known as stoneflies.
Pledge is a deposit of personal property as security for a debt.
Pledge means a deposit of personal property as security for a debt.
Pledgee is a person to whom property is delivered as a pledge.
Pledger is a person who makes or gives a pledge.
A small and flat absorbent pad which is used to medicate.
Plenary means complete in all respects.
Plenary conference is a prearranged meeting for consultation, exchange of information or discussion.
Plenary session is a general assembly for all members to discuss general issues.
Presence of more number of cells in cerebrospinal fluid than normal.
Related to pleomorphism.
ability to assume different form or to change in shape and size
The occurrence of two or more types in a life cycle.
The structure of parenchyma present in plant stem and roots.
A superabundance state.
Represented by an overabundance of blood.
a device for measuring and recording changes in volume of a body part, usually resulting from changes in the amount of blood or air it contains
Instrument to measure variations in the size of an organ.
An instrument that measures variations in the size of body part on the basis of the amount of blood.
Measurement related to the fullness of a hollow organ.
a thin serous membrane that encloses each lung and lines the walls of thoracic cavity
The thin covering to protect the lungs.
Related to the pleura.
The space between the two layers of the pleura.
Excess fluid between the two membranes of the lungs.
Vibration in the chest wall which is produced by a friction rub.
Pain in the side of the ribs.
A surgical procedure to remove any part of the pleura.
inflammation of the pleura usually associated with fever, cough, difficulty in breathing and accumulation of fluid in the pleural cavity
Inflammation of the lining of the lungs and chest.
An external side body part of insects and other arthropods.
Related to pleurisy.
A taxonomic grooup of Algae.
A temporary illness due to viral infection.
A beginning in the pleura.
Hepatitis with inflammation to the neighboring portion of the pleura.
A concretion inside the pleural cavity.
A protective external covering of the thoraic segement of the insects.
Inflammation of the pericardium and of the pleura.
Inflammation related to the pleura and lungs.
Related to the pleura and the lungs.
An involuntary state in which the body is curved laterally.
Incision related to the pleura.
Excision related to the plexus.
resembling or having the form of a plexus
Like a plexus.
Forming a plexus or network.
Inflammation related to a plexus.
a complex network of nerves, blood vessels or lymphatics
A structure like a network.
A interconnection of nerves and blood vessels in the body.
a complex network formed by intersecting nerves
a fold or ridge, especially of skin or membrane
A type of a fold or a ridge.
A fold in the muscle or skin of plants or animals.
A fold like a fringe on the under surface of the tongue.
An imperfect valve present at the opening of the nasolacrimal duct.
The two longitudinal ridges in the mucous membrane lining the cervix uteri.
A condition in which hairshafts become tangled and form a matted appearance.
A small fold related to bulbar conjunctiva.
Spiral fold related to plica.
Something that has a structure resembling fold of a fan.
The act of folding.
An inconstant fold of mucous membrane that arise from the palatoglossal arch.
Plinth area means the entire carpet area (usable area) along with the thickness of the external walls of the apartment.
PLL is widely used in radio, telecommunications, computers and other electronic applications.
PLO provide very low noise and low spurious outputs at frequencies from 1 to 640 MHz.
Homologous set of chromosome present in the organisms.
The practice of inserting an inert material into the thoracic cavity.
plot is used to create an image by drawing a series of lines.
Pen plotters and electrostatic plotters are two types of plotters.
Pen plotters and electrostatic plotters are two types of plotters.
Plotting is used to create an image by drawing a series of lines.
Plotting head is related to graphics.
When money set aside for some specific purpose is used by an organisation for its own growth and development instead of investing it outside.
When money set aside for some specific purpose is used by an organisation for its own growth and development instead of investing it outside.
When profits earned in a business are used for own growth and development.
a solid mass filling a hole or blocking a normal opening or passage
Patch cords can complete the electrical circuit in plugboard.
In plugboard chart we can see the jacks or wires connecting the sockets.
In plugboard chart we can see the jacks or wires connecting the sockets.
Plugboard computer can control the action of an electromechanical device in a data - processing system.
In plugging chart we can see the jacks or wires connecting the sockets.
In plugging chart we can see the jacks or wires connecting the sockets.
An extremely reliable and resilient plant.
A chronic lead poisoning.
An obsolete name for lead element.
A bud in young plants which give rise to leaves.
Plunder means to take goods or valuables illegally or wrongfully.
a sound caused by rubbing together of pleural linings due to their inflammation
Related to several glands.
A female with two or more pregnancies and resulted in viable offspring.
The capacity to affect more than one organ.
Related to several segments.
Plus and minus are mathematical symbols used to represent the notions of positive and negative as well as "more" and "less", respectively.
Plus and minus entries are mathematical symbols used to represent the notions of more and less, respectively.
PM is used in high speed modems.
PM has two parts: first is condition monitoring and second is failures prevention.
A hardware device which translates virtual addresses into physical addresses and is used to manage virtual memory. Also called "memory management unit (MMU)".
Gas or air inside a joint.
Related to air or other gases.
A type of tumor or cyst formed by air or other gas.
The study of spiritual beings and phenomena.
A gas - filled specialized branch of a root growing upright into the air and function as the site of oxygen intake.
Abnormal accumulation of gas in any part of the body.
Presence of gas or air in the urine.
Air or gas prent inside anything.
Related to the bacteria of the genus pneumococcus.
Pneumococci inside the blood.
Infection related to the pneumococci.
Presence of pneumococci in the urine.
A type of bacterium that comes in pairs and also shaped like a lancet.
A chronic lung disease caused due to the inhalation of dust particles.
Dilatation of the lungs.
An X ray of the brain made by replacing spinal fluid with oxygen.
Radiographic visualization related to the cerebral ventricles and subarachnoid spaces after the injection of any gas.
Related to the lungs and the stomach.
A record related to the respiratory movements which is obtained by pneumography.
A device used for recording the speed of chest movements during respiration.
Radiography related to the lungs.
A calculus inside the lung.
The formation of calculi inside the lungs.
Separation related to the lung and the costal pleura from the endothoracic fascia.
A state in which air is present in the mediastinum.
A disease of the lungs which is caused by a fungus.
Denoted with lung.
partial or complete surgical removal of a lung
The surgical removal of a lung.
a disease of lungs characterized by inflammation and abnormal alveolar filling with fluid, with symptoms like cough, fever and chest pain
An infection of one or both lungs caused by bacteria, viruses or fungi.
Severe flea - borne bacterial disease that affect the lungs.
A type of lung inflammation.
A disease of the lungs caused due to the presence of fungi.
Any disorder that involves the lungs.
Collection of air or gas in the pericardial cavity.
The presence of air within the peritoneal cavity.
Inflammation related to the lungs and pleura.
Radiography which is done after the injection of air or oxygen.
abnormal presence of air or gas in the pleural cavity, usually occurring due to a disease or injury
The presence of air or gas in the pleural cavity.
A procedure in which cerebrospinal fluid is drained in a small amount from around the brain and replaced with air.
Poaching guard is a person who gives protection, watch over and acts as a sentinel.
A mark caused by smallpox any similar eruptive disease.
Pocket calculator is a devices to perform the basic operations of arithmetic and enough small in size to hold in the hand or carry in a pocket.
Pocket dairy means a dairy which is small in size to hold in the hand or carry in a pocket.
A pitlike scar left on the skin by any eruptive disease.
Part of a plant the contains seed.
A condition that is characterized by a gout like pain in the toe.
Pain in the foot due to gout.
Related to the foot.
Version that results in delivery of the fetus by the feet.
Pest that affect pod of a plant.
A physician that specializes in the treatment of diseases related to the foot.
An appendage of an arthropod.
A cell with branching tentacle - shaped extensions through which blood is filtered in the glomerulus of the kidney.
An outline tracing of the sole.
A segment of a limb of an arthropod.
The most anterior point of the chin located on the mandible in the midline.
A red blood cell of irregular shape.
The presence of poikilocytes inside the peripheral blood.
Belong to the poikilothermy.
A tree of Fabaceae family having orange flowers and fern like leaves.
A flowering plant of family Euphorbiaceae having dark green dentate leaves.
Point is a geometric element that has position but no extension.
Point means a specific location or place.
A decimal point.
a small spot or region
Act of pointing.
A spot to which a straight run is made.
The pointer is a variable that contains the address of a location in memory.
The pointer is a variable that contains the address of a location in memory.
Pointer variable is act as an array.
Pointer variable is act as an array.
Point estimation is one of the core topics in mathematical statistics.
Point estimation is one of the core topics in mathematical statistics.
Mouse, joystick, trackballs, touchpads and light pens etc. are the examples of pointing devices.
Point light source is the simplest type of light source.
Point of order is a question as to whether the current proceedings are allowed by parliamentary procedure.
Which is the primary source.
A particular place from where purchases are to be made or have been made.
The place which has been designated as a place for selling the goods.
Point - of - sale terminal is a device used to capture transactions.
Point raised means some important questions or issues to be discussed.
The process of evaluating something according to a defined scale.
Point sampling is the simplest form of texture mapping.
A method to measure the basal area and volume of forest stands.
Points of interest means specific question or point of interest.
Points system is the system of evaluating academic achievement based on grade points.
The concept of point to point is distinct from peer - to - peer.
The concept of point - to - point is distinct from peer - to - peer.
The adjustment which is done on each point one by one.
Point to point connection is a special data network circuit.
Point to point connection is a special data network circuit.
Point - to - point connection is a special data network circuit.
Point to point network consists of many connections between individual pairs of machines.
Point to point protocol is one of two standard methods of connecting to the Internet.
Pointwise operations inherit such properties as associativity and distributivity.
a substance capable of causing injury, illness or death of an organism through its chemical action
A chemical compound which has a substance that has a killing or injuring property.
Poisonous bait used to kill target organism.
An agent causing injury to the body also injects it with a substance which has a poisoning effect.
the condition of being poisoned
Effecting the normal functioning of the body on account of ingestion, inhalation, absorption of poisonous substance.
A process of giving or injecting poison inorder to kill or injure somebody.
A plant found in Northern America and which has a property of causing rash when it comes in contact with the skin.
A seed which is a poison and borne by trees found mostly in the malabar and coromandel island.
A tree found in the united estates bearing green flowers and white berries and which yields an oil which has a property of forming a rash when comes in contact.
Having property of killing, injuring or poisoning somebody.
Something which is related to the poles of the body.
Something which has a positive and negative charge on each side.
A cell that is found inside an ovum of mammals as well as plants.
Polar coordinates used in mathematics.
A polar form can be represented graphically.
Polarisation is used in photography, digital watches and laptop screens.
Polarization is used in photography, digital watches and laptop screens.
Polarization is used in photography, digital watches and laptop screens.
Polar keying is used in communications.
In polar transmission, a mark represents direct currents flowing in opposite directions.
either of the two points at the extremities of any axis of any organ or body
the region of the nerve cell at which an axon or dendrite arises
The two extreme opposite points of the body or an organ.
Police is an organized civil force for maintaining order, preventing and detecting crime and enforcing the laws.
a legal inquiry by police about the cause of a sudden or mysterious death
Policy is a plan of action adopted by social group to achieve rational outcome.
An agent who gets commission on issue of insurance policies.
The act of deciding in accordance with the general plan of action approved.
Policy direction is a direction of action to achieve rational outcome.
Set of directions which guide the action according to the decided principles.
Policy holder is a person to whom an insurance policy is issued.
Policyholders council is an assembly of policyholders.
Such deposits which are inspired by policy decision.
A ledger / book maintained for recording transaction for providing loan against insurance policies.
A document containing a contract of insurance.
An insurance policy meant for a person who survives.
Policy of survivorship assurance means Insurance that guarantees a specific sum of money to a designated beneficiary upon the death of policy holder.
Something which is stated explaining the cause of action or criterion for doing something.
A disease which is associated with swelling of the brain gray matter.
an viral infection in children that affects nervous system causing acute flaccid paralysis and muscle weakness
Commonly known as poilo, a viral disease causing weakness or paralysis of the muscles.
a viral infection caused by poliovirus that mainly destroys motor neurons leading to weakness of muscles and acute paralysis, generally affecting children
an acute viral infectious disease marked by fever, paralysis and atrophy of skeletal muscles often with permanent disability
The reduction or absence of the melanin content of the head, eye brows or lashes.
A vaccine or medicinal dose given orally inorder to prevent the child from suffering from polio.
Polish notation is a notation system for digital - computer or calculator logics.
Political means concerning or related to politics.
Political activity means an activity which associated with politics.
Political affairs means cases related to politics.
Political interference is the interference of political views.
Political pressure is a pressure refers to political action which relies heavily on the use of mass media and mass communications.
Political sufferer is a person who is suffering from political loss.
Poll means casting and registering of votes in an election.
Polled operation is used by management applications to check the state of devices.
Granules in the form of small spores which are present on the anther of the plant.
Spores containing male gametes that are produced in anthers of flowers.
Structure on hind leg of bee adapted for carrying pollen.
A cavity located beneath and inside the micropyle.
A minute body that is produced in the anther.
Swelling of the internal parts of the nose leading to irritation.
A sac in the anther of a flower of a seed plant where pollen are produced.
The tube formed by the pollen grain that transport male gamete to the ovule.
In common terms called as the thumb which is the thickest and short innermost part of the limb.
The thumb part of the foot of animals and human.
The transfer of pollen grains from the anthers to the stigma.
Polling means casting and registering of votes in an election.
Polling is used by management applications to check the state of devices.
Polling booth is polling place where votes are taken.
Polling officer is a government employee who conduct the polling process at particular polling booth.
Polling station is polling place where votes are taken.
Mass of pollen grain.
A tax levied on every adult.
A waste material that cause pollination.
contaminated or unclean
unclean or contaminated water
Pollution is an undesirable state of the natural environment being contaminated with harmful substances as a consequence of human activities.
Spoiling the purity of a particular substance as a result of addition of impurities.
The opposite ends or extremeties of an organ.
a prefix for large quantity or many
A tail consisting of multiple adenosine monophosphates.
Stamens united in bundles.
Swelling being observed on various glands
Having an indefinite number of stamens.
Polyandry means having more than one husband at a time.
The flower with an indefinite number of stamens.
inflammation of a number of arteris at the same time
Sweeling of the various arteries simultaneously
a disease in which nodules are being formed in the arteries
swelling of various joints
something which is associated with many joints.
concurrent inflammation of several joints
swelling of various joints simultaneously.
a type of a white blood cell floating in the blood stream.
Having numerous carpels in the gynoecium.
a congenital condition characterized by having more than the normal number of fingers or toes
Cymose inflorescence in which each branch produces more than two lateral branches.
large amount of flow or discharge of fluid produced by liver.
a medicine or a treatment for several diseases
A different degree of color being seen of the haemoglobin on account of variation in the number of red blood cells.
Something that displays various colours or is multicoloured.
The presence of red blood cells in excess.
a place of treatment or clinic where several kinds of diseases are being treated.
An eye showing the presence of more than one pupillary opening.
Mother carrying more than one foetus at a time.
Having many abnormal sacs that contains fluid in it.
a condition characterized by abnormal increase in the number of red blood cells in blood
excessive or abnormal rise in amount of red blood cells in the blood.
The intestine having more than 128 number of cells.
a person who has more than normal number of toes.
abnormally excessive thirst
abnormal or strong desire for thirst
Development of more than one embryo from a single fertilized egg.
large amount of blood flow in the body
Secretion of milk by breasts in excess.
Polygamy means having more than one spouse at a time.
origin of a species from more than one ancestor.
Related to a character that is determined by several different genes.
Polygons can be convex, concave or star.
Polygonal shape can be convex, concave or star.
We all know several polygon clipping algorithms.
an instrument used in lie detection that records changes in physiological processes such as blood pressure, heartbeat, respiration, etc., while the subject is asked and answers the questions
a device which helps in recording physiological changes in the pulse rate and respiration.
Something related to a figure having flat faces.
A geometric solid bounded by plane polygons.
Disease of insect larvae caused by polyhedral virus.
A condition where the foetus is surrounded by excess quantity of amniotic fluid.
presence of more than two breasts in particular organisms.
Menstural cycle occuring in short interval of time which is abnormal.
A technique in molecular biology that amplify a specific DNA molecules.
An act of showing the relation between two separate polymers material.
Presence of more than one different form of individuals in a particular group of species.
Different form of a same chemical compound.
A cell having a nucleus which is a divided into no of different shaped lobes.
An organism which tends to change its appearance during its life cycle.
Discomfort or severe pain being observed in several body muscles.
Swealing of the muscles thus causing a lot of pain and stiffness.
Related to longitudinal rows of muscle cells in a nematode.
A muscle disease where the msucles tends to get swelled.
A type of disease which affects all the nerves at a time.
simultaneous inflammation of several nerves
A disease where nerves tend to get swelled, leading to paralysis and discomfort.
a disease process involving a number of nerves at a time
A type of disease which affects several nerves.
Polynomial is one of the most important concepts in algebra.
Polynomial is one of the most important concepts in algebra.
Polynomial time is a property of the time required to solve a problem on a computer.
Polynomial time algorithm is a property of the time required to solve a problem on a computer.
Polynomial time algorithm is a property of the time required to solve a problem on a computer.
The process by which multiple abnormal mass of tissue gets formed.
Growth of more than one nail on a particular finger.
An abnormality where many images of a particular object is observed in the retina.
a mass or growth projecting from the surface of a mucous membrane
A growth of mass bulging out from the mucous membrane.
A surgery carried out to remove the polyp.
A peptide containing many amino acids.
Petals separated.
Having separate petals.
Uncontrolled hunger which forces a person to eat a lot of food stuff.
Feeding on many different kinds of plants and animals.
The ability of an organism to feed on different kind of food.
a process of prescribing more than one drug at a time to cure one or more disorders.
Polyphase merge sort is ideal for sorting and merging large files.
Having more than one speech sound.
Something evolving from more than one ancestor.
Many leaved.
Loss of functionality of several body muscles.
Having more than two paired sets of chromosomes.
Larvae having 3 pair of jointed legs and prolegs.
Something which resembles a mass which tends to bulge out from the membrane.
When rights to sell are granted to many people.
A growth of more than one polyp on a particlur membrane or body part.
Carbohydrate formed of repeating units of monosaccharide joined together by glycosidic bonds.
Having separate sepals.
Swelling of the membrane which secrete serum.
Swelling of the sinuses at the same instant of time.
A collection of ribosomes bound to a mRNA.
Swellin of the part which connects the bone to the muscles and occuring at the same time.
The presence of more than the normal number of nipples in humans.
An egg tube consisting of series of egg chambers, which consists of trophocytes accompanying each oocyte.
Having several variant forms.
A species having two or more species.
excessive passage of urine
A disease wherein a person is bound to pass more than normal quantity of urine.
Something which has a number of antibodies and each capable of fighting or eliminating a particular antigen.
A fruit of subfamily Maloideae of the family Rosaceae.
A juicy red fruit with many seeds of plant Punica granatum.
A type of disease where many small to big boils are formed accompanied by skin peeling off.
A structure which tends to act as a bridge connecting two disjoints of an organ or body part.
A long strip like structure resembling a bridge.
Nervous cells presnt in the pons which acts as a bridge passing information from cerebrum to the cerebellum part of the brain.
Pool is a place filled with water.
A hollow pace where a fluid such as blood gets accumulated due to blockage of the blood carrying vessels.
When there is combination of business firms for marketing in a particular area.
When loans are provided by a combination of more than two lending agencies.
A common stock of fertilizers maintained under control of one agency.
Poor means low quality.
When sales are scanty in quantity.
Pop is a standard interface between an e - mail client program and the mail server.
POP3 is a standard interface between an e - mail client program and the mail server.
Something related to the posterior or back part of the knee.
A blood carrying vein which originates from the knee and passes on later to the femural part.
A mascular structure having a triangular shape and present in the back of the knee.
A flowering plant of family poppy having colorful flowers.
A group of organisms of the a species living in a certain area.
The size of the population per unit.
The branch of science that deals with the study of population growth and age composition of populations.
recent rapid increase in number of human beings resulting from increased survival and exponential growth of population
Population trends means the latest statistics on population, births, deaths, marriages, migration and other topical issues etc.
A pop - menu consists of multiple menu items.
A pop - menu consists of multiple menu items.
Popup window provides contextual information about application.
a diagnostic technique involving tapping the surface of a body part to assess the condition of the parts beneath
Small minute openings present in the tissue of animals or plants.
Twisted ribbon like canals present in the insects running perpendicularly to the surface.
A brain disorder due to which cysts are seen in the brain matter.
denoting a plant that lives for more than two years
a minute or small opening or hole.
A condition of being porous.
Something having pores or minute holes allowing them to absorb fluid.
An infection or disease associated with the skin covering the top part of the head.
A disease associated with the skin covering the top part of the head.
a small medical device that is installed beneath the skin and connected to a vein through a catheter
Port is used to connect equipments to the computer.
Port is used to connect equipments to the computer.
An opening at the enterance of a blood organ or vessel.
Portability is one of the key concepts of high - level programming.
Portable means able to easily moved or conveniently transported.
Portable data entry is used in large stores, warehouses, hospital and in the fields.
Portable data terminal is used in large stores, warehouses, hospital and in the fields.
Portable weighing machine is a machine of weighing which is easy to move and conveniently transported.
Openings of larger blood vessels carrying blood to or from the liver.
relating to the part of an organ where the nerves and vessels enter or leave the organ
A vein carrying blood to be feed in to the liver.
flow of blood from gastrointestinal tract and spleen to liver through portal vein
The blood circulation which is carried out in the kidney and livers using the blood circulatory system.
The abrupt build up of pressure in the blood vessels of the portal system.
Circulatory sytem which is composed of veins which drain blood into the liver.
The veins of the circulatory system which tends to feed in blood to the liver.
A vein which tends to feed in blood form the stomach to the liver.
When permission to leave the cargo is granted at the port.
Porterage means charge for carrying burdens or goods by porters.
A collection containing details / certificates etc. of the investments made.
A list maintained for making advances / loans against investment.
A list maintained for making advances / loans against investment.
A detailed examination of various elements of the investment.
The way in which things are going to take shape in investment matter i. e. the tendency.
The way in which things are going to take shape in investment matter i. e. the tendency.
The act or decision of making investment in various instruments.
The act of managing the investment decision / portfolio.
In portfolio management package, tools with data, analytics, consulting and reporting are included.
Portfolio is the office or post of the member of a cabinet.
Porting is one of the key concepts of high - level programming.
A term used to denote a part, section or segment of an organ.
The nerve present or concerned with the face.
The amount or quantity of food be served.
The back portion of the uterus and the top portion of the vagina.
The port which is having the jurisdiction to adjudicate a dispute.
The port where something is going ultimately.
The port where goods are to be unloaded.
The port where goods etc. are put on board for going to destination.
A image being produced by using radiography.
Portrait is the most common way of orienting a letter - sized page for printing.
Portrait is the most common way of orienting a letter - sized page for printing.
Port shipment is the action of shipping goods at harbour.
Port trust means a trust arrangement in which the trustee has discretion in allocating benefits to beneficiaries.
A opening, canal in the human body.
A passage in a organ or a bady part.
POS is a device used to capture transactions.
POSET is the intuitive concept of an ordering and sequencing, or arrangement of the elements of a set.
Position is a situation of a person or an object.
Position means a particular place or location.
A posture of an individual.
An arrangement of something in a particular pattern or order.
bodily posture or attitude assumed by a person
With the help of position tree, we can implement many important string operations very fast.
Positive means certainty, affirmation, explicitly stated or clearly expressed.
A test result which shows or indicates the presence of pathogens or disease.
Adjusting the visibility of the eye by contraction of the muscles of the eye lashes.
Positive discrimination means the favouring of individuals belonging to groups which suffer discrimination.
The stage in the process of growing which is affirmative going upwards.
The growth of a plant organ towards the gravity.
Growth of a plant part towards the direction of sun.
Growth of a plant part in direction of water.
An area foccused by the eye which has a very low level or no visibility.
Individual who is affected by a disease characterised by coughing out of the mucos like substance from the lungs.
When goods are being imported in large quantity not actually required.
Related to a process of studying on medicines and drugs regarding their dosage and effect.
A pharama branch dealing in study of medicine and drug dosage.
Possess means to have ownership or possession of property.
Possession is the state of being possessed or owned.
The right of the lender to retain or detain the property of another person to which he is in possession till debt is settled.
The right of the lender to retain or detain the property of another person to which he is in possession till debt is settled.
This is a right that can accrue to a person who is in possession of the land continuously for a specific period with no hindrance etc.
This is a right that can accrue to a person who is in possession of the land continuously for a specific period with no hindrance etc.
Possibilities of abuse means possibility of improper or excessive use of something.
Post means a specific position in an organization.
Post is the place or ground for military base.
Post is a system in which messages are transmitted via the post office.
To record an entry.
An assigned position for conduct of some work.
The system of transporting and delivery of mail.
To enter an item in the ledger.
To pass an entry in the books of accounts.
To assign a specific position in the organisation.
A market place or open market where shares are traded.
Something later or occuring at a later stage.
Period after the process of abortion.
Post adhoc is a post which constituted for the specific purpose, case or situation.
Postage is a charge for the conveyance of a letter or mail.
Postage account is the record of all postage charges.
Postage stamp is a small and adhesive label issued by a government and it is an evidence of a fee paid of postal services.
Postage stamp is a small and adhesive label issued by a government and it is an evidence of a fee paid of postal services.
Tickets which are used for attaching to the mail.
Postal address is an specific address to which mails or letters are delivered.
Postal authorities is a functional entities within a country which regulates and operated domestic and international postal services.
Postal ballot is the method of voting in which people send their votes by post or mail.
Postal certificate is a kind of account in which people can invest their money.
Postal certificate is a kind of account in which people can invest their money.
Postal dak is related to the system of delivering letters.
Postal Insurance premium is the payment for postal insurance policy.
Postal life Insurance policy is an Insurance policy for employees of all Central and State Government Departments, Nationalized Banks, Public Sector Undertakings, Financial Institutions etc.
Period after the application of a drug which causing numbness in the body part.
Something lacated posterior to the anus.
Post and telegraph is a system through which messages are transmitted via post office.
Post audit is an examination of a company 's transaction after its occurrence.
Post audit is an examination of a company 's transaction after its occurrence.
Post audit is an examination of a company 's transaction after its occurrence.
Part which is at the side of the arm or legs and which is located at the back of the limb axis.
Post bag is a letter carrier 's shoulder bag.
The position of bill after making payment.
After having meals.
Something located ate the back of the center part.
after meals
Period after the process of having sexual intercourse.
Post copy means the copy of post or letters.
The posterior part of the esophagus present in nematode.
The efforts made to increase share prices after their fall in value in the market.
After disbursement of loan.
Post dated refers to a check which have been written by the drawer for a date in the future.
Post dated refers to letter or document which have been written by a person to apply of the date in the future.
Post dated cheque refers to a check which have been written by the drawer for a date in the future.
A condition or period later to the formation of a layer like membrane on the throat.
The position after loan is disbursed.
The process of development after the embryogenesis.
The process of development in which particular tissues of the light organ mature.
The process of development in which particular tissues of the light organ mature.
Something which occurs later to the diseasewhich causes brain inflamation.
Something occuring later to the occurance of a disease causing brain disorder.
Posters are very useful in Advertising area.
Posters are very useful in Advertising area.
situated at or nearer to back of the body
Situated at the rear or back portion.
Located behind the structure.
the border of a body part nearer to the back
A section located at the gap between the eye lens and the iris.
The posterior part of the eye 's internal structure.
The back portion of the pair of cannal like opening inside the human nostrils aiding in breathing.
The outward bulging of the cornea at the back part of the eye ball.
A structure present in the head capsule of an insect that extend from the posterior tentorial pits.
POS terminal is a device used to capture transactions.
Situtaed to the back and to the side.
When formal permission or approval is granted after the work is over (financial or otherwise).
Post - facto sanction means sanctioned or accepted after formulated, enacted or operated something.
A type of permanent disorder of the brain.
Postfix is a fast, easy - to - administer and secure mail transfer agent.
Post fix notation used in some calculators.
Postfix traversal is an algorithm which is described for a binary tree.
located distal to or beyond a ganglion, referring to nerve fibers arising from a ganglion
Something located to the back part of the neural cell i. e ganglion.
Post graduate is an advanced degree after graduation.
The technology that relates to the activities after crop is harvested.
Plastic surgery carried out on the foreskin of the penis.
Swelling of the foreskin of the penis on account of a bacterial infection.
Posthumous means occurring after a person 's death.
Somebody born after death of a related person such as fatehr.
Posthumous award is an ceremonial award which is given in honor after the recipient has died.
an epidemic of a virulent and highly infectious disease
To enter an item in the account.
Posting means a person appointed to the post.
Posting means assigned a soldier to the post.
Posting means mailing or transmission of a letter.
The act of sending someone to a place to do the job assigned.
To record an entry in the books of accounts.
To despatch something in mail.
To enter an items in the ledger.
Posting order is the order of appointed to the post.
Posting procedure is a procedure to appoint someone to the post.
Posting transfer order is the order for posting and transfer of a person.
In Internet standard for electronic mail, each machine should have a postmaster address.
The period after the end of the womans menstrual cycle.
relating to, occuring, or done during the period after death
Study carried out on the deceased body to find out the cause of death.
Removal of the baby over 8 weeks old from the mothers uterus on account of death of the mother.
an examination of a body after death to determine the cause of death or to study pathologic changes
A examination on the dead body to find the cause of death.
Postmortem examination is a postmortem assessment and dissection of a dead body to determine cause of death.
Something realted to the back portion of the nose i. e mucus flow etc
of, about, or occurring after birth, especially during the immediate period after birth
Something later ot eh process of giving birth to a child.
care of mother or newborn during the period immediately after birth
A bond given by a borrower to pay the debt upon the death of a specified person from whom borrower expects to inherit money.
Post office box is a box located on the premises of central post office where we can receive all or most of our mail.
Post office certificate is a kind of account in which people can invest their money.
Post office protocol is a standard interface between an e - mail client program and the mail server.
Post Office Protocol is a standard interface between an e - mail client program and the mail server.
Post Office Protocol is a standard interface between an e - mail client program and the mail server.
of, relating to, or occurring during the period after a surgical operation
Something later to the surgical process.
The complete or partial breakdown of the lung sometime later to the surgery carried out.
care of the patient taken after a surgical operation
Post order traversal is an algorithm which is described for a binary tree.
A time of period soon after the birth of the child.
exercises done by mother in the period following childbirth
Excessive bleeding from the vagina during child delivery.
excessive bleeding from birth canal during the first twenty four hours after birth
Postpone means to delay an event or plan and decide that it should happen at a later date or time.
Postponement means time during which some action is awaited.
Postponement means time during which some action is awaited.
Something which is delayed to a later time.
Period after having food or meals.
The female genital tube in nematode.
Post review is a kind of enquiry, which has been done after the transaction or completion of something.
Posts and telegraphs are the systems through which messages are transmitted via post office.
PostScript is used in the electronic and desktop publishing areas.
Post script is used in the electronic and desktop publishing areas.
Postscript means an extra message appended at the end of a letter.
Postscript means an extra message appended at the end of a letter.
Posts held in abeyance means those posts which are suspended temporarily rather than being imposed.
A credit / loan which is provided to the exporter to bridge the gap between shipment of goods and receipt of payment from abroad.
A credit / loan which is provided to the exporter to bridge the gap between shipment of goods and receipt of payment from abroad.
Posts telegraphs account is the record of all posts and telegraphs.
A statement made which is based on a certain theory. Or an assumption.
Something that is related to the position or body posture.
A feel of falling down mostly seen when somebody changes its posture from sleeping to standing.
a characteristic position of the body or body parts
an attitude or position of the body or body parts
The act of positioning the body differently for carrying out various activities.
An act of bending any body part naturally to carry out certain activities.
A reduced uterus in nematoda usually posterior to the vulva.
Something later to the process of vaccination.
Water which is free from germs and which can be consumed without causing any harm to the body.
A compound composed of potassium and used primarily in the field of agriculutre in fertilizer preparation.
A metallic element having a silver color and present as a compound associated with other elements.
A white crystall structure which has a calming effect.
A crystalline salt obtained from sea water and primarily used in food which is required for correct functioning of body cells.
Salts of magnesium and patassium along with of citric acid.
An inorganic colourless compound composed of patassium, hydrogen and oxygen and commercially used in batteries.
An inorganic slat soluble in water and used medically for the treatment of hyperthyroid problems.
A purple coloured crystal which is inorganic and a salt which is poisonous.
A modified stem of Solanaceae family which grows underground.
A roundworm of genus Globodera which live on the roots of plants of the Solanaceae family.
Nematode that cause damage to the potato tuber and cause small white mealy spots just below the surface.
ability or power to do some action, used in context of medicinal drugs
ability of a male to perform sexual intercourse
Capacity of a substance to produce a particular chemical effect.
Something which is effective against something such as a medicine.
Potential means capability of doing something.
One who has the capacity and willingness to buy.
The areas which have the possibility of development.
Where there may be possibility of competition.
The possibility of there being some demand for something.
Something having energy because of its position or arrangement.
Who have the natural ability and can develop themselves as an entrepreneurs.
Which have latent ability to develop as a successful industry.
The amount of production of a product which could possible be achieved.
Potential review means evaluation of capability.
The extent of utilisation of something that could possibly be achieved.
Potential value means possible price of something.
Units which have a reasonable chance of continuing in business at their own.
The process of multiplying the effect of a drug.
Genus of plant of family Araceae and is also called devil ivy.
A drink which can act as a medicine or a poison.
A device for measuring transpiration.
A spine tuberculosis causing formation of pus in the tissue.
A tuberculosis which causes swelling of the intervertebral joints.
A tuberculosis of the spine bone leading to the bending of the spine.
The breaking of the bone connected to the leg ankle.
an anatomical structure similar to a pocket or a sac
A small bag like structure.
A mass which is heated and applied on the wound which acts as a medicine.
a heated, soft, moist mass made by using powdered mustard seeds, that is spread between layers of a cloth and applied locally
a heated, soft, moist mass made by using starch and water, that is spread between the layers of a cloth and applied locally to a painful area
Poultry farming is the process of poultry.
Efforts to make poverty less severe or difficult.
The minimum income level which is required to secure / meet necessities of life.
a dry mass composed of very fine separate particles
a material consisting of minute particles that are not cemented together
A finely ground particles of a solid substance.
Power is a particular form of mechanical or physical energy or force.
Power is the ability to control people and events.
Power is the rate at which electrical energy is transferred by a circuit.
Capable of doing or undertaking a particular task.
It is the human capacity to perform an activity or work.
The basic function of power circuit breaker is to detect a fault in electrical flow.
Power crisis means trouble or loss of electrical power to an area.
Power cycling is useful in hang situation.
In power down, all running applications should be closed properly before switching the computer off.
Which (machine / vehicle etc.) is operated with energy.
Power driven pumps are those powerfull pumps which driven from electricity.
An instrument to spray dry powder formed pesticide on plants.
Setting aside money for various purposes with authority.
A written legal document which empowers person to act for another.
In power off condition, some internal components retain powered.
The right to re - invest the money.
Right to grant authoritative permission.
We can power on the pc by turn the computer on in an orderly manner.
Power on self test are run when a computer is powered on.
We can power up the pc by turn the computer on in an orderly manner.
A disease where multiple small boils get formed on the skin.
A thermoplastic polymer also known as polypropene.
A dimensionless quantity to denote one part per 1, 000, 000, 000 parts.
A dimensionless quantity to denote one part per 1, 000, 000 parts.
PPP is one of two standard methods of connecting to the Internet.
Practicable is the way of assessing and solving the situations or problems practically
Practical experience is the process of personally observing, encountering or undergoing something.
Practical Extraction and Reporting Language is frequently used for creating CGI programs on web servers and it can also read and write binary files.
Practice is a customary action, manner or routine.
A person who is qualified to carry out a particular profession.
Practices and usages are repeated performance of an activity in order to learn or perfect a skill.
A person who is a qualified professional.
Root - lesion nematodes that penetrates root and feed on tissue of roots of a plant.
Genus of nematode that are pathogenic to plant.
Before something.
Preamble is a short preliminary statement or an explanatory introduction to a formal document or statute.
Something which takes place before injecting anaesthesia.
drug administered prior to an anaesthetic, generally to decrease anxiety and to obtain smoother induction of anaesthesia
A substance or medicine which is used to cause a small degree of anaesthesia..
Pre audit is a kind of enquiry, which has been done before the transaction or occurrence of something.
Pre audit is a kind of enquiry, which has been done before the transaction or occurrence of something.
The position that prevails before conduct of audit.
Post dated cheques refers to the check which have been written before audit.
Pre audit pay deptt. means the department in which payment is done before audit.
Pre audit payments are those payments which has been done before audit.
Pre audit system is the procedure or process for obtaining something before audit.
Pre audit voucher means a written record of expenditure or transaction before audit.
Something that is located in front of the median axis of the body or the body part.
The permission which is granted before start of the auction / bid.
The time period before the current Phanerozoic Eon.
of or relating to a lesion that usually develops into a cancer
A condition which is a initial phase of the cancer.
Something which is not under ones control or occurs naturally.
Which has been cast in a final shape before positioning.
Precaution means care taken in advance.
Legal seizure of property initiated to protect against possible danger.
Precautionary measure means an action taken in advance to protect against possible danger, failure or injury.
Precautionary measure means an action taken in advance to protect against possible danger, failure or injury.
An official action initiated to deal with a situation in order to avert any possible danger.
An official action initiated to deal with a situation in order to avert any possible danger.
Precedence means condition of preceding others in importance, order or rank.
Precedence grammar can be of two types: simple precedence grammar and operator precedence grammar.
Precedence graph is used in a database.
Precedence graph is used in a database.
Precedent is an example of an act or instance in the past which may be used as an example to in dealing with subsequent similar instances.
Preceding means coming before others place, rank or sequence.
Preceding financial year means the previous period of 12 months.
Preceding rule are those norms which made previously.
Something lacated posterior to the central fold in the barain cerebral cortex.
A writ or order issued by a competent authority to perform or to restrain from doing something.
Precincts is a marked place or enclosure definite limit.
The process of seperating solids from a liquid medium.
Severe labor pain felt due to rapidly squeezing out movement of the foetus.
Hastening the process of taking capital to other place rashly.
Hastening the process of taking capital to other place rashly.
the process of separation of a substance as a solid that was previously held in solution or suspended in a liquid
The process of sepearting solid particles from a solution by making them to settle out.
Precis is a summary or abstract of a text, report or document.
Precise means definite and exact, neither more nor less.
Figures which are exact.
Something that contain accuracy and observance of rules.
Preclude means prevent, exclude or rule out.
A development achieved early or in advance.
unusally early in occurrence or development
unusally early development of maturity, referring especially to physical and sexual development
A condition of something being developed well in advance or before maturity.
a state or condition of an individual preceding coma
Preconception means an opinion formed as the result of bias or prejudice.
A condition that has to be fulfilled first.
Precondition is a preliminary condition for an application.
Precondition is a preliminary condition for an application.
External covering surface of the body acting as a cover tot eh heart and surrounding areas.
of, relating to the region of body that lies over the heart
Something that is related to the body external surface covering the heart and the stomach.
The front part of the body surface which covers the heart and the stomach area.
Surface lacted inner to the cerebral hemisphere and anterior to the cerebral commissure.
a chemical substance that produces another chemical substance by participating in a chemical reaction
A warning of event that is about to occur.
Nematodes that feed on prey.
A biological interaction in which one species feed on another species.
An organism that feed on another organism.
Nematodes that attack soil - dwelling insects.
Predecessor is a person who held a post or office before the current holder.
Pre determined cost is the estimated prior price of a product.
Predetermined cost is the estimated prior price of a product.
Such elements which have been decided earlier but quantity or cost of which can change.
Such elements which have been decided earlier but quantity or cost of which can change.
A condition of an individual where the sugar in blood is more than normal but nearing to the diabetic condition.
The period of cardiac rhythm before the period when the heart is filled with blood.
Predicate is an operator of logic.
Predicate is an operator of logic.
Predictive validity is a measurement of how well a test predicts future performance.
Food being partially digested before being injested.
making susceptible or providing inclination
To make somebody vulnerable to infection.
A state of being easily affected.
Predominant means having greatest ascendancy, superior power and influence.
Predominant means having superior strength, influence or authority.
Predominant means an importance, influence or force.
Ownership of something which has been formed or decided before and does not happen by chance.
an abnormal condition developing in late pregnancy characterized by hypertension, edema and proteinuria
Increase in the blood pressure during the pregnancy phase in late pregnancy cases.
Pre emphasis increases the magnitude of some frequency components.
Pre emphasis increases the magnitude of some frequency components.
Preemption is often differentiated with cooperative scheduling.
Pre emption means the right to purchase something before others.
The right to purchase property before someone else.
Something which is done to prevent any harm which may be caused by other 's actions.
Preemptive allocation applied on resources.
Deposits which have been made before any one else could do it.
Purchases which have been made before any one else could do it.
The right to purchase of one person or party before the opportunity to purchase is offered to others.
Pre - emptive scheduler is often differentiated with cooperative scheduling.
Preemptive scheduling is often differentiated with cooperative scheduling.
The amount of loan which is in existence before.
Preface is a short preliminary statement or an explanatory introduction to a formal document or a book.
Prefer means to give priority or promote over another.
Prefer means to give priority of payment to investors or creditors.
Preferable means more desirable, preferred or worthy than another.
Preference means having greater value or desirable.
Preference means selection of one person or thing over others.
act of selecting something or someone over the others
Such dividend which is paid on preferential basis.
Preference share means a share of preferred stock.
Preference shareholder means someone who holds shares of stock and have preference in the payment of dividend over equity shareholders.
Preference shares generally recognise as a 'higher ranking' stock than common stock.
Preference shares generally recognise as a 'higher ranking' stock than common stock.
Preferential means more desirable, preferred or worthy than another.
Preferential creditor is a creditor who is entitled to payment before other creditors.
Such creditors who are entitled to get settlement of this debts before other creditors.
Payment which is made out of turn or on preference basis.
Preferential purchase means the purchase which has been done on the bases of preference.
Preferential purchase means the desirable and preferred purchase of something.
Preferential rate means desirable and preferred price of something.
Preferential rate of duty means a rate of duty less than the normal rate of the duty.
The rate of interest which is charged as a matter of favour.
The amount of fees which is charged on preference basis as a matter of favour.
An agreement for conducting trade where preference is accorded in certain matters to each other.
Preferred shares generally recognise as a 'higher ranking' stock than common stock.
Preferred stock generally recognise as a 'higher ranking' stock than common stock.
Prefix is an affix that is added in front of the word.
Prefix means a word, letter or number placed or added before another word.
Pre - fix is a beginning character of a string.
Pre - fix is a beginning character of a string.
Prefix notation is a notation system for digital - computer or calculator logics.
Prefix operator will make your code more efficient, clear and consistent.
Prefix operator will make your code more efficient, clear and consistent.
Prefix traversal is an algorithm which is described for a binary tree.
The arrangement of leaves within the leaf bud.
Situated towards the front plane of the frontal bone.
proximal to a ganglion, especially referring the nerve fibers that end in or supply to a ganglion
Something which is directly next to the ganglion.
state of having a developing offspring within the body of a female
A state where an embryo develops in the uterus of the woman.
A condition of gum sweeling that is being observed in gums of teeth.
A women who has a embryo that is developing in the uterus.
Preheating means to heat something before using it.
Prehistoric is a term used to describe the period before recorded history.
Pre investment survey means a detailed critical inspection of market before investment.
Pre - investment survey means a detailed critical inspection of market before investment.
Prejudice is an unfavorable opinion or feeling formed without knowledge or reason.
Prejudice is a preconceived belief, opinion or judgment made without ascertaining the facts.
Prejudice means Irrational message or unfavorable effect.
Prejudicial is an unfavorable situation or feeling formed without knowledge or reason.
Preliminary means a preceding action or event to the main part or matter.
To enquire which is introductory or of initial nature.
A rough calculation of initial or introductory nature.
Preliminary examination is an examination that qualifies a student to continue studies at a higher level.
Preliminary expenses are those expenses which are paid before starting of a business unit which includes the cost of production, issuing shares and advertising expenses.
Preliminary grant means preceding funds disbursed by a Government Department, Corporation, Foundation or Trust.
Preliminary inquiry is an initial inquiry into the facts and circumstances reported to the court.
Preliminary Inward account is an account in which money has credited directly.
Preliminary report is a written report prompt dissemination of data obtained during the early stages of the investigation.
Premature means born after a gestation period of less than the normal time.
Something which occurs before the normal time of occurance.
An infant which is being deliverd by the mother before the completion of 37 weeks of pregnancy.
The contraction occuring too soon in one of the heart chamber interrupting the normal heartbeat.
Birth of infant taking place 3 weeks prior to the due date.
Which has ended before time.
a child born at a gestational age of less than thirty seven weeks
Premature convergence also used in genetic algorithms.
birth of a fetus before normal time, especially before completion of gestational age of thirty seven weeks
Giving birth to a baby which is less than 37 weeks old.
Premature encashment means encash something before set time.
the infant born before normal time of birth, especially at a gestational age of less than thirty seven weeks
Labor pain being observed in the mother before the 37th week of pregnancy.
The labor pain associated with the premature delivery of baby.
The payment which has been made before the stipulated period.
The amount of deposit which is withdrawn before maturity.
Something which occurs prior to a normal time.
A bone lacated anterior to the upper jaw bone.
administration of a drug prior to a surgical or diagnostic procedure
Medication carried out on a patient before carrying a major medical procedure such as an operation.
relating to or occurring in period just prior to menstruation
A condition or something occuring before the onset of menstruation in women.
The distal part of a labium.
Premise is a statement supposed or proved as a basis of argument and from which a conclusion can be drawn.
A complex of buildings.
Premises means land and buildings considered as a property.
Premium is the amount paid or payable in installments for an insurance policy.
The instalment of amount which is paid for an insurance contract.
A sum paid for buying something which is more than its normal / ordinary value.
A sum paid for buying something which is more than its normal / ordinary value.
Premium bonus is an additional payment paid in addition to a regular salary as a means of increasing output.
The amount of premium paid for covering of risk (possible loss).
Premium Income is an income which an insurance company receives as premium paid by customers.
Which is the primary source of income.
Premium on debenture means premium on a certificate or voucher acknowledging a debt.
The additional amount realised on export item.
Premium on share means excess amount received by a firm over the par value of its shares.
The amount of salary which is more than the normal.
When additional amount to pay or allowances is offered as a system.
When additional amount to pay or allowances is offered as a system.
The teeth present before the molar teeth.
the transitional teeth located between molar and canine teeth
A sign which warns of something.
Something which occurs before the the person being affected by a disease.
An immunity being offered by the body to an agent which was present in the body before.
Procedure or something occuring before birth.
relating to or occurring in the period before birth
Preoccupation is the mental state of being preoccupied by something.
Something which occurs befor the surgery or operation.
relating to or occurring in the period just before a surgical operation
The expenses incurred till such time the factory / business set up and regular production / operation starts.
Preorder traversal is an algorithm which is described for a binary tree.
Prepaid means services paid for in advance.
Prepaid card is a plastic card encoded with monetary value on a magnetic stripe.
Such type of advance payment which are made to secure some services etc.
Prepaid expenses means the expenses or payments for goods and services to be received in the near future.
Prepaid expenses means the expenses or payments for goods and services to be received in the near future.
The bill in respect of freight which has been paid in advance.
A document which can be exchanged for goods or services as a token of payment made in advance.
Preparation means the action of preparing or the state of being prepared.
act or process of making something ready for specific use
Process of preparing something such as a medicine.
a substance, such as a medicine, prepared for a specific purpose
Preparation leave means a leave for preparing something.
Preparatory of retirement refers to the time before retirement.
Prepared and preserved food means food which is prepared and keep or maintain from harm and decay.
Pre partition claims means those cases which filed before partition.
Pre - partition claims means those cases which filed before partition.
Something related to the circular shaped bony part which helps in protecting the knee joint.
Swelling of the sac composed of fluid and present anterior to the knee cap.
The amount of freight which has been paid in advance or beforehand.
The payment which has been made beforehand.
The amount of fee which is required to be paid in advance.
Prepayment is a payment in advance.
Prepayment is a payment in advance.
Pre - planned means to plan something in advance.
Pre - planned action means an action to plan in advance.
Prepone means to reschedule something for an earlier time or date.
Preponement means rescheduling for an earlier time.
Such pre existing creditors who are entitled to receive settlement of debt before other creditors.
Preprocessing performed on raw data.
Preprocessing performed on raw data.
Preprocessor performed on raw data.
Preprocessor statements are handled by the compiler.
Preprocessor statements are handled by the compiler.
Something related to the phase of human growth before the development sexual organs.
a retractable fold of skin that covers the head of penis
The folding skin present on the head of the male penis.
Something related to the folding skin that encloses the tip of the penis.
A protective skin fold that encloses the female clitoral glans and protects it.
Pre receipted bill means a bill along with an acknowledgement.
Pre - receipted bill means a bill along with an acknowledgement.
A region in the alimentary canal between the mesenteron proper and the rectum.
Somethng that is related to the surface surrounding the kidneys.
Pre - revised means before revise or reorganize.
Prerogative is an exclusive or special right, power or privilege belonging to an official body or group of people.
A diffculty faced in hearing normal pitch sound and is caused by old age.
a condition of vision characterized by progressively diminished ability of the eye to focus on close objects with advancing age
A problem of blur vision towards near objects.
Somebody who is affected by a problem where near object cannot be seen clearly.
Prescribe means to establish rules, laws or directions.
To write a drug or medicine as a remedy.
Prescribed means to set down as a rule or guide.
A date which has been decided / indicated and has to be followed.
Prescribed form means set or fixed formate of any particular form.
Prescribed form means set or fixed formate of any particular form.
Prescribed format is a draft of something which is set or fixed.
Prescribed format is a draft of something which is set or fixed.
The duration of time that has been decided as per rules.
An established way of doing something which has been decided in conformity with rules.
The rate of exchanging one currency from another which has been decided.
A person qualified enough to prescribe a medicine dosage.
a written directive for the preparation and administration of a medication
a written direction for the preparation and use of a medicine
Written instruction that are given by the doctor to the patient which has information about the medicines to be purchased.
The form of science of dealing with financial aspects which is customary laying more stress on observance of rules
Presence refers to a person who is present.
Advance of an old age which is earlier than normal.
Present address means an address where a person lives presently and he can get his letters from here.
act of process of presenting
the part of the fetus lying over the pelvic inlet
A position of the foetus in the uterus during the time of labor.
Through presentation graphics you can create graphic presentations.
Through presentation graphics you can create graphic presentations.
The Presentation Layer is Layer 6 of the seven - layer OSI model of computer networking.
The Presentation Layer is Layer 6 of the seven - layer Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model of computer networking.
It explains the position of the child whether it is head down or leg down.
The Presentation services layer is Layer 6 of the seven - layer Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model of computer networking.
Presenter is a person who presents something and responsible for comparing an event.
When a bill of exchange after sight is presented to the drawee for acceptance.
When a promissory note, bills of exchange and cheque is presented for payment to the maker, accepter, or drawee by or on behalf of the holder.
As per provisions of the Act a bill of exchange is required to be presented for acceptance or payment as the case may be to the drawee.
Presents means something presented as a gift.
Preservation means to keep safe from harm or injury.
keeping something safe from injury, damage, or decay
Preservation of records means to keep records safe from harm or injury.
The method of preserving records so that it may be free from decay / harm etc.
A substance which is used to protect and keep away something from getting decayed.
Preserve means to keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
Preshipment Inspection is a physical inspection of goods before they are shipped.
Preside means to hold the position of authority and act as a chairperson or president.
President means chief officer of a branch of government, corporation, board of trustees, university or similar body.
Prespecification of coding is very Important.
A the span of time between feeling of heart with blood and the heart beat.
Press communique is an official announcement which is publish into press.
Press conference is a meeting or question and answer session held with journalists in order to make an announcement or answer questions.
Press copy is the copy of some news or announcement which is publish in the news papers.
Press gallery is the part of a parliament or other legislative body reserved for accredited members of the media.
Press gallery is the part of a parliament or other legislative body reserved for accredited members of the media.
Press handout is an announcement distributed to members of the press in order to supplement or replace an oral presentation.
Pressman is a man who operates a printing press.
Press note is the copy of some news or announcement which is publish in the news papers.
causing rise in blood pressure, especially by causing constriction of blood vessels
Something which forces the blood pressure to rise.
A sensory areas which reacts during changes in the body blood pressure.
A nerve which tends to increase the pressure of the blood when being excited.
Press release is an announcement distributed to members of the press in order to supplement or replace an oral presentation.
the application of force to something
Act of pressing or compressing something.
An entity which tends to act against the resistance.
Stress or psychological stress being felt on account of grief etc.
A part of the human body tissue which is being replaced by another tissue of its kind using an artificial device.
an instrument used to measure the pressure of a gas or liquid
Points on the body skin wherein digital pressure method can be used to control the shedding of blood.
A skin ulcer formed when it is being subjected to pressure for a long duration.
Such type of goods which have more show value than their utility.
Presumably means able to be reasonable assumption.
Presumed means to suppose to be true without examination or proof.
Presumed total loss means supposed total loss of something.
Presumptive address is a beginning point of a program or table.
Presumptive heir is a person who is expected to be the heir in the present circumstances but whose expectations may be canceled by the birth of a nearer heir.
Presumptive instructions are changed by the program.
Presumptive instructions are changed by the program.
Presumptive pay means the pay to which a Government servant would be entitled if he held the post substantively and performing its duties.
Presupposed means to believe or accept that something is true before it has been proved.